 Some of you guys are going to be from Myra and some of you guys are going to be from me. I was in a Zoom this morning for the last three hours with my tribe talking about lending and all sorts of cool things. Today, I'm going to jump in here and talk about saving money on taxes and corporate structure and all that kind of stuff. So if you are from Myra's world, please let the chat know. By the way, if you're ever in a Zoom with me, your chat, my chat's always blow up because that's one thing I encourage is activity. So if you guys are from Myra's world, please type in Myra. I would love to see how many people are in here from Myra. Okay. Oh, Carolyn, perfect. Carolyn, I'm going to chat with you. Look at this. Got a whole bunch of people there from Myra's world. Love it. Carolyn, Cicciari. I think that's how you pronounce that. It probably is not though. Carolyn, what up? How you doing? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. How do I pronounce your last name? Cicciari. I was closer, not really. Oh, I didn't hear you because you were glitching a little bit. So. Oh, I do that from time to time. So Carolyn, do you already know who I am or do you just know who Myra is? No, I know you. I follow you on Instagram also. I don't know a whole lot, but I've been following you for a little bit. Amazing. Then you found me through Myra, I imagine. I actually found you right before Myra, yes. Oh, that's cool. She talks about you and then I realized, do you know her personal leaks? I thought maybe you guys know each other personally. She worked for my construction company for a couple of years and she was an absolute gem. We loved her and she ended up moving back to the East Coast. And so we kept a good relationship with her. And then I see her doing big things in her world. And I'll see her on IG live all the time. And I go, oh my gosh, hey, you know, and she's talking. So last week she started talking about LLCs and other things and I'm like, or taxes. And I'm like, I need to tell you people how I pay to zero dollars in taxes. So I think that's why you showed up today, right? Yes. I really, really appreciate you because Myra really does a lot of good stuff for us and this is really helping us. So we appreciate you. So Carolyn, tell me what do you do for your business? How do you make money? Well, right now it's more like a hobby, but I'm getting ready to retire from my real life job in a couple of years and I'm trying to, you know, make this a business. Okay. And what is that? Right now or what my hobby? What your hobby is that you're trying to turn into a business? What is it? You know, just crafting cups and and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, just all kinds of, like, you know, t-shirts, things like that, whatever else comes along that I'm good at. Okay. Amazing. Love that. So for people that are in here, you'll see we have 242 people in here. I don't know how many people at you. Myra usually gets into her stuff, but this, I have a lot of people from my group. I was just in a group with about 650 people in a zoom talking about lending and all sorts of cool things. And so I invited a handful of them in here and most of them are in the real estate world. Okay. Okay. So there's other people in here that are in the crafting cups world, which is Myra's world, right? So guys, remember something very powerful. If you guys are not posting on social media and creating your own brand, so Carolyn, I hope you were posting on Instagram and talking about your crafts. I'm not really, I'm learning how to do that because I'm a little older, so I'm not comfortable yet with this whole social media thing, but I'm really trying with Myra's help trying to get more out there and get posting more. That's a big problem of mine. Yeah. Why would you say that's a problem? Is it because you're worried about what people think or maybe like your friends or family or co-workers or anything like that? A little bit. Maybe my stuff is that good enough. And you know, I mean, there's a lot of conflict in the community lately. And it's like, I'm scared to put myself out there. Got it. Okay. Anybody specific that you're worried about? What they think? No, no, no, no, no. I'm kind of general. Yeah, just in general. You know, I'm new to, I'm new to all this, so it's kind of a little intimidating right now. I think, you know, if once I'm out there a little longer and I'm more confident, it'll be less intimidating. I like that. All right. Okay. Cool. So Carolyn, you, I should call you Carolyn, is that correct? Yes. Love it. So Carolyn, as you know, my name is Pace. I primarily focus on real estate. Yes. But I also am like a social media guy. I get a lot of my real estate holdings and my businesses are grown primarily from social media and just getting out there, right? Because social media is kind of the new business card of the new century. Correct. It's kind of scary for people that are like relied on business cards and face to face stuff for a long, long time. It's like, wait, hold on. The whole world's changing. I'm used to something different. Right. So we get that. And I make a lot of money, but I don't pay any money in taxes. Okay. So I'm going to tell you a couple of things I do to not pay money in taxes and some of those are going to be helpful for you and some of those are not going to be helpful for you. Some of them are actually going to be daunting because some of them involve buying real estate. And I'm going to go down that road regardless. But Carolyn, have you set up an LLC yet? I have not. Okay. I'm going to tell you a couple of things. From what I've learned, a lot of what happens, right? So people will go, I want to go from a hobby to a business. Right. In order for me to go from a hobby to a business, a big part of that is psychological, right? I want to make a commitment, right? So what happens a lot of times is people will go, well, I'm going to go pay for a mentorship and that sometimes will get them, you know, good portion of people move from hobby to business because they're like, okay, I've paid for something. I've committed now and part of a tribe and part of a community of people that are helping me through this. And it's like kind of replacing some of my old friends that are not really doing what I want to do with new friends that have common interests, which you've already done. Right. But then I'd say there's like 95% of people that still, like just because they join a mentorship or they're in a community, have still not taken it from hobby to business. And the reason for that part of it is, you know, I'm not perfect. I'm not this or the other. I'm not going to go through the mindset stuff today of that. That's a whole another conversation for another day. And I can help you break through some of those things, but I don't want to use your time in that regard today. Tell MyRid to have me back and we can talk about how I overcome that on a daily basis. But the biggest thing that I learn that takes people and I teach thousands of people, five thousands and thousands of people that learn from me and crazy ones that hang out with me on Sunday morning at 9 a.m. when they could be doing literally anything else. Right. So I have thousands and thousands of people in the number one thing that keeps them from going from a hobby to an actual business is whether they have an LLC and a bank account. Because here's what happens is psychologically you go, well, first off, like an LLC, such a daunting name in the first place. It's like LLC. What the heck is that? Why do I need it? A lot of people don't know. I can go into that a little bit. But then also there's this amazing energy that comes around when you actually have a bank account associated with your LLC where now the universe knows you have an empty bank account. Maybe has a hundred bucks in it or something because you'll have to fund it. But now there's a place for customers and people to send money other than just your personal pocket of cash or whatever else. Right. The psychological change there is like, whoa, I have a real business. I need to actually put some thought and things into this. And so an LLC is what I find helps 90% of people, whereas like paying for a mentorship helps about 10% of people. Okay. So if you don't have an LLC, I would I would tell you the company guys, everybody in the sidetrack, who what company do I use and how can I what link should what should Carolyn use? You can see you see all my people. They know where to go. PCS. Okay. Yes. Okay. The name of the company is prime corporate services dot com. If you use code pace, you'll get a discount or code ABC, ABC like a simple one, but prime corporate services dot com for slash pace. Now there, I don't get paid for that. There are things that I affiliate for. I don't affiliate for them. I just know I was like for a really, really long time. I would get people that would pay to learn from me real estate. And I, you know, six months later, my mentorship is like lifelong. And so people come to me a year later, they go, I still haven't done a deal. I'm like, okay, I'm kind of digging into what they're doing. And then I go, wait, you don't even have a business name. You don't even have an LLC. You don't have a this and they go, oh my god. Yeah, I don't because I don't have a deal yet. And Mike, if that's not how this works, you create a business, you create a structure in which that your your ideas, your energy and all this kind of stuff can exist. And then what's amazing? Did you, Carolyn, you're older like me? Did you ever watch Kevin Costner's greatest movie? A field of dreams? I have. And what's the most famous line in that home movie? Oh gosh, you put me on the spot here. I know you'll remember it. If I say it, you'll remember it. Sorry. If you, if you build it, they will come. They will come. Yes, they will come. So it's the same thing with an LLC. The thing with an LLC is that I find that people go, well, I'm going to go join a mentorship and I'm going to join a community. Great. It helps a lot of people get you a little bit more comfortable. But then if you don't have something to actually put money into, what happens is the opportunities, the action, even yourself and the commitment level you have is diminished because it's like, well, where am I? What am I doing here? So for you, for me, Carolyn, what is your company name? Carolyn's makers. I like that. Okay. Are you aware of whether that's a company that is available for you to have an LLC around it or not? I believe it is because I already secured my domain. I'm working on fixing up the website, but I don't have it open yet, but I do have my name secured. I love that. I love that. I love that. Okay, but you're talking about the website domain. Are you aware of the LLC is available? I am not. Okay. I would fix that if I were you because think about this. If you go and build a website and you're branding and all this stuff, then you go and find Carolyn's makers is not available. My name's Pace and you would be surprised at how many freaking people have used the name Pace and all C names and it's like, I can't use that. I can't use that. I can't use that. So you want to make sure that your LLC is way more important than your actual domain, your LLC or your company that you have registered with the state costs a couple hundred bucks, but you know, for that couple hundred dollars, you have Carolyn, are you in California or where are you at? I'm in Florida. So California is the only state that really requires you to continually repay for your LLC like in state of Arizona, Florida, you get an LLC. You don't have to pay for a new LLC every single year. You just own that LLC. So for a couple of hundred bucks, you now have your website name is cool, but if it doesn't match your LLC, you're going to have this weird thing in your brain of like, man, they don't match up and I don't like that. I like synchronicity, right? And I'm sure you do too. Yes. All right. You're good. Same. There you go. So what I would do is I would go to prime corporate services.com and I would say in book a call with them, set up an LLC, they'll get the name reserved for you. They'll get your operating agreement. They'll do all the things for you and you're like, wow, and is my business worthy of all this? Yes. It's absolute standard practice, even if you've never charged for a single thing in your life, you should have an LLC because the energy of the universe is like, wow, Carolyn now has a place to put money from an actual customer. Okay. It's a weird thing. Does anybody felt that way in the site to comments? Have you guys ever felt like once you've created your LLC and you put your bank account associated with that? Like, you're like, oh my gosh, now I'm officially in business. Yeah, I feel I feel like that. There you go. So if you have not set up an LLC, I would suggest doing that. Okay. Here's the other thing that's really challenging. The government and why an LLC is so important, the government will incentivize you. Oh, perfect. Carolyn put her camera on. Now I can chat with her. This is great. There she is. Oh my gosh. My people know I just I prefer it this way. Okay. And if you anybody that is in MyRaz group, is this helping you guys understand why an LLC is so important? Yes. Okay, cool. Look at all my people. They already love you. Does anybody love Carolyn yet? Oh my gosh. Okay. Cool. Very shy. You shouldn't be. I know. I shouldn't be. You're right. You got style. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay. So this I know I'm going a little bit slow for my group. My group knows why an LLC is important. My group has an LLC and it makes you feel like it's real. Okay. So here's the crazy thing. This government wants to incentivize you to build a business. Why do they want to incentivize you to build an actual business? Get tax deductions. They don't want you to get that. They do give you tax deductions and they reward you. That's kind of the reward. But the reason why they want you to be in businesses so you can pay employment tax and all these other things and what is it? 85% of all businesses that pay money to the IRS are small businesses with less than five employees. 85% Wow. That's a lot. I didn't know that a lot because we all think like general motors and this and the other. Well, here's the thing is most general motors and Ford and all these kind of people they figure out how to pay as little taxes as possible. I mean, look at Apple. They have something like $200 billion sitting overseas because they're like, we don't want to bring that money back into America because we will be taxed on it, right? So these big corporations are trying to avoid taxes. It's the smaller companies that are actually the ones that are paying the majority of the taxes in America. So the IRS and the federal government want to incentivize you, Carolyn, to start a business, get some employees so that you pay employment tax in this and that and blah, blah, blah, blah. So that's why they want you to start an LLC and they reward you with tax deductions that is super helpful. So for example, oh, this is great. Carolyn, that sure, that blouse that you're wearing right now, do you know where you got that from? Carolyn, do you know where did you get your blouse from? Where'd you buy it from? What store? This is a dress and I bought it from old Navy. Perfect. And so what do you think you paid on that? 30 to 50 bucks? Probably like $25, $25, yes. Perfect. And how much of that dress did you write off on your taxes? None. Why not? How about years and years and years ago? Okay. So here's, here's, I'm going to tell you a couple of things. Okay. So here are all the things, even in a crafting cups business that you should be writing off that you probably are not writing off. Okay. Are you, are you right? By the way, you have income coming in from your current business right now, you're, where you have a W2, right? I do. Okay. So here's what's beautiful is that you're, you should be able to write off things like this. You should be able to write off your internet bill. Okay. Did you know that you can write off your about, I'd say 30 to 40% of your house payment should be written off. Okay. That's your mortgage or your rent. Okay. Okay. And if you're married, okay. If you're married with my wife and I weren't business together. So my wife and I write off all of our food and beverage, all of it, even groceries. Okay. And why, why is that Carolyn's, because I'm having dinner with my business partner, right? Right. Okay. You can't do this without an LLC, by the way. You can't do this by just you being by yourself. Okay. Okay. So let's see your vehicle, everything about your vehicle, your gas, your maintenance, your everything, because I would say something like, do you have Carolyn for your crafting business? Are you going down to like, you know, Michaels or big lots or anything like that and buying things and you have to use your car? Okay. All of your vehicle, your payment, your insurance, your gas should be a write off. Okay. Here's a magical thing. Okay. Um, Paula Finn-Lacen says, pace all the food that she ate in Paula Finn-Lacen's one of my private lenders. Good to see you and hear your sweet woman. Paula. Uh, pace, all food and beverage when you eat out or shopping down to your house. Both. As long as it is business related. Okay. And here's the other thing too. I, this is a little bit higher elevated thing. Carolyn, I'm sorry. I'm going to be a little bit scary for you to hear this, but I also have a family trust, which I'm not going to go into today on this zoom. Okay. My family trust means my, even if it's an expense for my children. Okay. That's a business expense and why is that? Uh, because your children are part of your business. My children will take over my family trust when I pass away. Okay. Okay. My, my, my children are the beneficiaries of my trust and my estate. So any education I do. So even when we take them to Disneyland, that's an education that's an, that's an expense. Everything, like literally everything you guys can imagine. If I take my daughter to dance class, that's an expense for my daughter becoming a leader of our family trust, right? Okay. It teaches her discipline. It teaches her social skills that, like everything is an education expense for my children. Nice, her swim lessons, right? All of these things are write offs. Okay. Now for your clothing, Carolyn, why is, I would say you right now, this is where there's a downfall for you is that you have a wardrobe, right? I do. Okay. You probably right now cannot write off. Well, first off, you don't have an LLC. So let's, you got to fix that first. Right. Okay. But once you have an LLC, can I write it off my wardrobe if I'm Carolyn right now? If I had one, yes, what you're saying? I would say you still cannot because you're doing something that you need, you're not doing something you should be doing that I already got on your case for. Okay. And what is that? Social. Getting it up. I'll see. No. Even if you had an LLC, you still cannot write off your wardrobe because you are not posting on social media and putting yourself out there. Okay. Because your wardrobe, your glasses, your lipstick, your makeup, your hair cut, your cute gold necklace that you have around your neck. All of those things are your wardrobe or also in the business world, they are known as your uniform for your brand. Okay. Okay. Didn't know that. Okay. If I just taught you, if everything I just taught you in the last 20 minutes, if that's all I taught you the rest of your life, this would save you millions and millions and millions of dollars the rest of your life. So basically, I just got to start getting my face and everything out there. Just not even everywhere, right? Like Carolyn, what I would do, are you an Instagram girl? I am. Do you consume Instagram? Yes. Okay. So what I would do is I would go on YouTube today and I would watch a video on how to post an IG story. Okay. Why are IG stories so easy? Like entry level is because they go away after 24 hours. Right. So like what's the, what, what fear do you have if you're, if you're going to put something out there, if it's gone in 24 hours, not like somebody can scroll through your timeline and see something you posted six months ago. Okay. Okay. So I look at IG stories as like the proving grounds and the test of like what I like and what content I like. Okay. Okay. Hey, can I hold you for a second? Come here. You want me to take you on a date today? What do you want to know? Okay. Oh, yeah, we're going to go to Miracapa. So, um, so even right now, Carolyn, my wife is sitting next to me, right? She's in my studio. So my whole studio, my camera equipment, my internet, my zoom expense, like literally everything is a write off in my business. Okay. In fact, I would be surprised if my accountant or my bookkeeper couldn't find an expense that was not related to my business. I think the only thing, um, I think the only thing Tony, who is my bookkeeper, she's, the only thing she has not been able to justify as an expense to my business is when I buy lingerie for my wife. That's good. That's literally it, which is frequent. Oh, she, my wife says she just bought some new stuff and what I like is she said, didn't say she bought it for her. She bought it for me, which is great. That's a good wife. Absolutely. Hello. Oh, she's beautiful. Hey, hi, Carolyn. Hi, Carolyn. Oh, my goodness. This is, I'm talking to my friends, Cup, crafting, Cup group. She's precious. I'm making money. Yeah, we love, we love my real. I really wish I would have had more of this information before I started this because if, if you saw the stuff that's in my craft room and the amount of money that I've already spent on supplies and equipment, I can't, it's, it's disgusting pretty pretty much. And well, here's the thing. Okay. So give me a kiss. I'll be done in a couple minutes and we'll go on a date. Okay. Here's the interesting thing, right? So like everybody has things that get them excited, right? Like, men have bow hunting and killing things and golf and whatever else, right? Everybody just has that outlet. And you should never, you should never be embarrassed or worried about how much money you spent on something that you love. Okay. Right. Right. What you, what you should be embarrassed by is how much you paid in taxes last year that you shouldn't have paid in taxes because you spent that money. So it's what, what really sucks is like you go to your W2, you work your ass off. I can just tell you're a bad ass. In fact, I know you, I can just tell from your energy. Okay. Um, we have, we have thousands of people that have worked for us, thousands. I currently have a little over 700 employees and I can tell you just from your energy, whoever you work for is very lucky to have you. Okay. I don't go. I'm actually. Okay. That's great. They're very lucky to have you. So here's the thing is you go work your ass off. You then pay, I don't know what you pay in taxes, 20% of your income. Maybe more more. Okay. So you're paying more than 20% of your income. Then, so you take, this is the crappy thing about how this is all set up is that you take your after tax dollars, right? And then you go and you go spend it on things with your after tax dollars. And so your buying power is so much less than my buying power. It's not that you bought the things. It's like if that's what gives you joy and you love doing it, you should spend more. It's just that you should keep the other 30% of your taxes to yourself. Okay. Your tax return should be massive this year, but it's not because you don't have the write-ups that we're talking about. Right. Okay. So, um, couple of books. I, here's a book I want you to read, even if it's on Audible. Okay. Right. Is, um, this is really good and it's elementary. It's very basic. It's not going to fry your brain even though the name of the book is horrible. And most people will go tax-free wealth. That's the name of the book you want me to read. I don't want to read that, but I'm telling you it's really good. A lot of the stuff like, yeah, see how simple and basic I've made this in just 25 minutes. Yeah. Tom Willwright, the guy who wrote the book is well-renowned as a wonderful educator. He dumbs everything down to like my level when I was brand new. And I'm like, whoa, I can write off meals with my wife. I can go to Disneyland with my kids. I can do this. My wardrobe is my brand. My car is this that and the other. You should have, I don't know, you paid in taxes. We don't need to get into that. But you probably should have an extra 20, 30,000 dollars that you didn't have to pay to the federal government this year because you bought a $200 LLC. It's killing me right now just to hear you say that because I feel it. It's crazy, right? So what we don't know, absolutely can hurt us and that is a fact. And so what I would suggest to anybody again, if you don't have an LLC, make sure you go get an LLC. I've gone to multiple different companies. I've been in business for over 20 years. Primacorpiceervices.com is who I use. It's who all my students use. I have been to other companies that don't care. Okay. Anybody in here has ever been to another company that doesn't care and treat you with respect? Most companies, right? They suck. They're horrible. It's like once, once you buy a $200 or $300 LLC from them, depending on the state you're in, right? The states that are different. California is really expensive. Like other places are really cheap. Once you pay for it, you never get ahold of these people ever again. They're like, here's your LLC by E. Okay. But what I love about Primacorpice Services, Carolyn, is that for the whole duration of your business, even when you've never received a single dollar from another human being, okay? They will be there from the very beginning of your business all the way through your entire life as a support system to you. Okay. Okay. And why is that? They're business people. So they're hoping that Carolyn is successful and Carolyn goes, I need another LLC so that I can go by real estate. I need another LLC so I can go do this. I need another LLC so I can do that. I currently have over 60 LLCs between all of our businesses. It makes sense for a PCS to get latched on to me in the very beginning and go, we don't care if you've never done a single transaction of any business at all. We want to provide a user experience that you feel like family so that for the next 20, 30 years up until your retirement, you know, you're going to retire in the next couple of years. But now your hobby is going to turn into a second wind for you or a second life. Isn't that fun? By the way, my wife and I were just talking about, you know, we're younger. We've been together 14 years. I'm 40 now. I'm just under 40, but I, whatever, I'm 40, it doesn't matter. And it's amazing just up to 40, like how many different lives I've led. Like there's these phases of life of like babies in the house and marriage and this, that and the other and you look back on it and you go, that felt like two weeks ago, but it was actually like 15 years ago, you know, you're entering into a very fun part of your life. A very, very fun part of your life is that you don't have the nine to five holding you back and now your wings can be like fully expanded, which is amazing. Right. So a company like Prime is really good. Okay. Now, the next thing you need besides an LLC is you need a bank account. Okay. For me, I used to use Bank of America. I switched to Chase recently because Bank of America is now starting to shut down their branches and there's no more drive-throughs that any Bank of America. So if I want to like talk to the teller without going in the branch, you can't do that Bank of America, but you can do that at Chase. What I'm now learning is when I start a new LLC, here's what will happen. Prime corporate services will get me a new LLC. They'll show me the paperwork. They'll show me how to manage it. They'll show me all the things I need. They'll help me come up with the name. They'll help me do all the things and educate me on it just for a couple hundred bucks, which is great. But now I need to go open up a bank account. What will happen is your bank will want you to physically go to the bank and hand the LLC documents to them. If you already have a bank, Carolyn, you're personally banking with that you like, then I would just suggest use them because you already have a relationship. Well, I have a separate bank account that was just sitting there that I'm using for my business, but it's not in my business name. But I do have a Chase credit card under my business name. Oh, perfect. Then I would go get a Chase account. Okay. Okay. Okay. So Mary Louise, this is a great question. Mary Louise says, if you started last year and you set up now, can you cause your big expense? That's a great question for a CPA. Do you guys want me to bring a CPA in here and answer some of these questions for you guys? Yes. Please. That would be great. I would love to do that for you guys. I would do it for I would do it from Myra. How do you guys communicate with Myra, by the way? Through her email, through her text message. I mean, we have because we're in a lot, most of us are in her mentorship group. We have kind of easy communication. And now that we have the app, it's easier to get a hold of her. But usually we have direct email and direct message and. Okay. Here's what I want you guys to do. If anybody is in here, if anybody is in here that is a Myra, what do they call them? The cup making baddies. Love that. I was going to make a boob joke. No, it's Myra makes it. It's bad university. Is her message? Oh, baddy universities. Myra makes it. Baddy university. Yeah. That's the mentorship group. Look at all these baddies. It can I make a cup joke about boobs like nice cups? Okay. There you go. My wife is like my wife likes my my wife loves my boob jokes. Okay. So here's what I'll do. I'll bring in my CPA happy to bring them in and spend the time to kind of walk you through this. But Carolyn, I want to give you some homework. I want you to go read that book. Yes. Tom Willwright's tax free wealth. It's dumbed down enough that you'll go I understand a lot of this. I listed the first time I listened to it. I listed into it on audible. Okay. Then I went back and I was like, this was really good. I got like five or six really good nuggets. And then I physically took it and I wrote I read in it and I wrote down notes. And I took those notes to my my CPA which I'll bring my CPA in for you guys. And I go, I don't understand this quite and I don't understand this and I understand this and my CPA then broke down and goes, oh, this was what that means. And we can help you do this and we can help you do that. And it was so simple. Right. And I'm like, why do you guys have to have such hard terminology all the time in freaking accounting world? That's a problem. Right. We don't understand what those mean, you know, just break it down for us into easy English and maybe we do better. Right. And so does anybody not know what a write off is? Does anybody not know what a write off is? Because I can explain that very simply. Yeah. Go ahead. Okay. So let's say that I'm Carolyn and I go make $50,000 in a year, $100,000 in a year. Let's just choose a round number of $100,000 in a year because I think everybody wants to make six figures, right? So I go make $100,000 in a year. What I need to do is I need to have $100,000 in write offs to essentially pay $0 in taxes. Okay. Okay. So what you'll be able to do. Now Carolyn, for me, the reason I, you'll pay a dramatically lower version of your tax bill. I pay $0 in taxes because I have more than write offs. I have something magical in real estate. It's called depreciation. Carolyn, do you own any rentals? I do not own rentals now. Okay. You should own rentals at some point in your life. Okay. Because that is the only true passive income that you'll ever, ever have in your life. Okay. Okay. Okay. So your $100,000 you bring in, you just need to go find a hundred, if you want to pay $0 in taxes, you need to find $100,000 in write offs. Okay. Some of you guys will have $20,000, $30,000, $40,000 in write offs. And so your tax bill is essentially going to be half, right? Now they can only tax you on whatever is remaining. So if I earn a hundred grand, okay, and I have 50,000 of write offs, that means I only get taxed on the other part, the other 50, the other 50, right? If I earn a hundred grand and I find $90,000 in write offs like my house, my car, my grocery is my wardrobe, which it's going to stack up pretty significantly. My travel expenses, my wardrobe, my internet, all the things, right? My computer, I need a new computer. Printer, ink, cartridge, ink, you know, all the things, every little thing, you'll get to a point where like 80% of your income is going to your business to some degree, even though you are living off of it as well, and you'll only get taxed on the other 20%. It's very simple. So if you don't own real estate, like I own real estate and a lot of my people own real estate, the biggest tax advantage you could ever have is owning, having an LLC with the bank account and figuring out how to write off every single thing in your personal life. So you pay less money in taxes. You have more money to use for your business. Maybe now you have money to invest in real estate because think about this, Carolyn, did you spend 20 grand in taxes last year or more? Yes. Okay. As a result, I filed jointly. Okay. So you guys spend a lot of money in taxes. Yes. Okay. So think about this. You guys could go get a fourplex, right, with a down payment right now with the money you gave the government last year. So when people are like, well, I don't have money to invest in real estate pace. I don't have the down payment. Like, well, if you paid less money in taxes because of write offs from your LLC, you would then have the remaining balance instead of giving it to the IRS, you could then invest in real estate and additionally compound, compound, compound, compound, okay? So if you guys want, I'll bring in my CPA and we'll do a, we'll do short ones because I could go, I literally did a three hour zoom before this and I could overwhelm you very quickly. Okay. I actually think I'm going to stop right now. Okay. I've given you guys enough homework to go and do this. So what I want you to do, Carolyn and all the other baddies is I want you to DM message, email, my rent say pace was great. Please have him back. He said he'll come back if you, if you tell him to come back. Okay. And when I come back, I'll bring my CPA. We'll break down another 30 or 40 minutes. Okay. And then I'll do another one, maybe in a month or so and I'll show you how to use your money instead of paying it to the taxes and how to go buy a property where you don't have to worry about, you know, the rest of your life, one property, just one property will offset half of your expenses for the rest of your life. Okay. Okay. Um, so Logan being a Logan. Any one of my sub two or Gator tribe, do you guys feel like you need to be reminded? I mean, I never do something like this without you guys. Come on. You guys know I'm going to do that. What's funny is my students are like, they get 40 hours a week of support for me and they're like, wait, don't do a zoom without me. Okay. So, um, I will absolutely 100% share that with my group and Carolyn, what'll be great is what city do you live in? Coral Springs just north of Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood. Amazing. So I have a lot of Florida students. In fact, I've got, um, I don't know if Heather Witzig is in here. There she is. So Heather Witzig, she's a nomad. She's like traveling around Florida right now and she's in real estate. So what'll be fun, Carolyn, is you'll meet some other people that are in real estate in your local Florida area. Take them out. Oh, mindset, nurses in Florida. That's right. Um, so you'll meet a lot of friends in my group that are in real estate that you can hang out with, go to dinner and become friends with people that, you know, at some point you want to learn how to do some real estate. Jonathan is near me. Jonathan is still being okay. He's great. Okay. Who? Thank you. No, my, my, my, her had some family thing come up and she's like, I need to cancel. I'm like, hey, canceling shit. Thank you. We appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. I, you know, I was telling my group earlier, I woke up feeling like I had the flu this morning and I was like, pop an ad villain show up. It's your job. I just love doing this. I love sir. Like Carolyn, the little change that we've made in your brain in just 40 minutes is literally why I wake up in the morning. So, um, and because I got a, I got to see a, like yourself and, and meet you. It's really good to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Okay. Um, okay. So guys, we'll do another one. But Carolyn and all the other baddies, your guys is homework today is to blow my, up at least two to three times and go, dude, get this guy back. He's going to bring his CPA. We'll do just 30, 40 minutes. And if you want to be prepared for that meeting, I would listen to like a tax free wealth on, um, audible or if you don't want to spend money on audible, I was just going to say that. My wife, my number one problem with my wife is she's so smart that she knows where my sentence is going and she doesn't allow for my natural cadence to unravel the full sentence. So she's already finishing my sentences, which is great. Um, but Tom Willwright has a lot of really, really good interviews on YouTube. So just go to YouTube and type in Tom Willwright taxes and just listen to four or five of them. 50% of what he says is going to go over your head. But being overwhelmed is part of the process. You got to just kind of walk through that, right? And it's free. I'm going to do it for free. Tom Willwrights for free. We're going to give you guys ways to, um, you know, actually do put this into your business for free. And then we'll come back a couple more times for free because of how amazing Myra was working for me for a couple of years. She's amazing. Yes. So is this free? No, Myra paid for it with her hard work to like three. What was that four years ago? That's sad. Four years ago she worked for us. We loved her. She was like, she became like my sister. I love her so much. Now here's the, here's the final part to that is no matter how free things are, the biggest challenge is, I, is learning by yourself. Okay. I have a hard time learning by myself. I want to be around a community of people that are my friends. I want to feel encouraged and accountable. I want to be able to have people that bounce ideas off. And that's why we do what we do. Yeah, I need accountability. I can't do some things by myself. I need somebody to keep me accountable. Me too. Yeah. Okay. Carolyn is great to meet you. It was nice to meet you. Hey, thank you for your time. We appreciate it. Of course. We'll see you guys in a couple of weeks. Okay. Okay. Question is this going to be saved anywhere for the other guys? I'll give you, I'll take this recording and send it over to Myra today. Perfect. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Thank you. Bye. Bye.