 Good morning, everybody. Happy Sunday. Welcome to Gator lending 3.0. We're going to go through some stuff that you guys might already know so that I can make sure that the air is clear and you guys know where to find it. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to do today. I'm going to do Gator 3.0. I'm going to give you the new wholesale contract today. This cost me $3,200 in legal fees to draft this new wholesale contract. It nobody has this. It's not, it's just been refreshed. You guys will get it today. So I will put it on the YouTube link. I'll send it out to everybody that's on the list. We have over 3,500 people on the list. Everybody will get this. It will be in the YouTube description. The link to the drop box will be in the YouTube description. I'm going to go through this wholesale contract today in the training. We're going to teach you guys why this new wholesale contract was created. I'm giving this to everybody. Everybody, whether you've taken action, you haven't taken action or not. The email that I, the Zoom training that I just did the other day, I did a Zoom training the other day with Sean Zankler. I then had him draft a new wholesale contract that will allow you as a wholesaler or somebody going out and getting deals to have protection because I'm going to train the gators to lend money to you only if you're using this contract. Listen to this. So this is why it's good for the people that are taking action because the people who are taking action, here's what's great about this. I am not just giving these people the wholesale contract. I'm also giving the action takers, not today, but I'm going to do another Zoom sometime this week with only the action takers where I will give you the protection paperwork and the lending documents to only the action takers. What we're doing is gator lending is a strategy to lend money to people and make a ton of money. So for example, just last week, let me give you guys a brief overview of what gator lending is. There's five things I'm going to be teaching over the next six months in the gator tribe. Five things. Right now, we're just going to have a conversation about the first thing. I get people, wholesalers that come to me and they go, pace, I need money for my earnest money. I go, no problem. Let me back up. I'll give you guys a little bit of back history to this for anybody that did not watch the Zoom with Sean St. Clair where gator lending originally started was nearly 10, maybe a little bit longer than that years ago when I was just a contractor. I had, I was a general contractor and I would hire painters and drywall guys and concrete guys and I would have them do work and whatever else. I had a painter named Ruben Dominguez. Ruben Dominguez would come to me and he'd say, hey, pace, one of my other clients wrote me a check for $6,000 to cover my payroll, but their check won't clear until following Monday. I need to borrow $6,000 until Monday so I can pay my guys today on Friday. Okay. So Ruben Dominguez comes to me and goes, hey, pace, I need $6,000 and I need to cover my payroll on Friday. I go, okay, well, how much would you pay me an interest? He goes, well, if I can hold that $6,000 until Monday, I'll pay you $3,000 return. So essentially paying me $9,000, $6,000 to cover my loan and $3,000 return. Guys, that's a 50% return in literally a weekend. That's $3,000 and I'm like, damn, all right. That's gator lending, okay? That's gator lending, helping, bringing a resource to people, not charging interest but taking a chunk, right? Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, gator lending, taking a chunk. So I did this for probably a good year with Ruben and then Ruben got on his feet and I would make sometimes three grand in a weekend, five grand in a weekend. I'm like, dude, this is amazing. In fact, I paid for my wedding. I paid for my wedding with part of this. Okay? So anyway, I obviously wasn't a real estate investor 11, 12 years ago. So I was just doing gator lending without ever it being called gator lending. I just made that name up 90 days ago. Okay? I made that up 90 days ago, but I'd been doing it for 11 years. Then when I got into real estate, I started getting wholesalers coming to me and saying, in the case, I don't have earnest money for a transaction. Does anybody not know what earnest money is? Ernest money is when you get into a contract with a seller, right? You and the seller get into a contract. The contract is going to show. In fact, I could pull it up today right now. I could pull it up on the document I'm going to give you guys. When you get into a contract with a seller, the seller is going to ask you guys to put $100 down to show that your series about their transactions. $100,000, sometimes $5,000, and sometimes $10,000 to show that you're serious. What happens is you take that contract, right? One of these contracts, and you go to a title company, you go, hey, title company, I'm starting this transaction with a homeowner. I now am in escrow. I've started the transaction. Well on that contract, it's going to show how much you have is earnest money. I started getting wholesalers coming to me and saying, hey, I don't have $1,000 to open up escrow. The seller is wondering where my $1,000 is and I don't have that $1,000. I started loaning $1,000 to wholesalers and they would then pay me. They would pay me $3,000, $5,000 depending on the transaction. I'm like, man, I literally loaned $1,000 on a real estate deal. I didn't find the deal. I didn't find the buyer. All I did was fund $1,000 earnest money and I got $3,000 in return, literally tripling my money in a five day period. Itterlending, it's part, that's one of the five things I'm going to teach on gator lending, one of the five things. Then you get people that also come to you in the go pace. By the way, for anybody that doesn't understand this about wholesale, wholesale in the next five, maybe seven years, wholesale will be outlawed nationwide. Arizona just passed a law that stated, you have to let your seller know. You have to let your seller know that you are wholesaling their property. What's that going to do to wholesalers? It's going to force them to purchase the property and then double close or sell that property like 12 hours later. Last week, I had somebody in the gator community come to me and go, pace, I need 24 grand. I go, why do you need 24 grand? They said, well, because I have five lots that I have under contract with the seller, I don't want the seller to know how much money I'm making and I have a buyer that's going to buy four lots from me. The seller is selling me five lots at 24 grand. I need to close ask her on that deal, own those five lots for an hour. Then I can turn around and then sell those, sell four of those lots, keeping one to myself for 50 grand. That's what he went and did. He made $26,000 plus kept a piece of land in the process. He got a free piece of land in $26,000. He didn't wholesale. He actually double closed. He used my 24 grand to close his transaction with the seller and then turn around and sold that again to somebody else at 50 grand. So I go, great, how much can I make for my $24,000? And guys, where did I get my $24,000? Where did I get my $24,000? On my line of credit from prime corporate services. So what I'm trying to do with this community is show you how I did this by building a business line of credit over the next six months together. So I didn't use, so there's people in here that go, I don't have $24,000 because that's your mindset. Your mindset is I can only do what I have with my existing resources. Guys, there are a lot of people out there making a lot of money with other people's money. Stop with the limited mindset. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit to go out and do loans like this. So how much money did I make? By the way, this just happened. Okay. This just happened. I didn't make five grand. I made four grand, but I made the four grand literally. I wired the money in the morning and I got the money back that same exact day and I made $4,000 in less than 12 hours. One line of credit. So what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to teach you guys number one. I'm trying to give you guys the paperwork. I'm first and foremost, I'm trying to give you guys the business strategy that exists. And I've just showed you two of the five today. Just showed you them. I haven't told you where to find the, I haven't given you the paperwork. I haven't given you where to find these opportunities. I haven't shown you how to fill out the paperwork. I haven't shown you how to do the conversations. Any of that stuff. None of it. So the people who have taken action on prime corporate services, by the way, if you guys are trying to get into the gator, I am only going to train people. It's like I like I said earlier on a Facebook live. If I go to a mechanic and I say, Hey, will you teach me how to fix a car and the mechanic says, yeah, it pays what car do you have? And I go, I don't have a car. What are what? So here I am trying to teach you guys how to build a lending business, but you guys don't have a line of credit. You guys are trying to use your own cash. Guys, I'm not trying to teach you how to use your own cash. That's not what I'm trying to teach. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit so that you guys can get to a point where you have what I have access to over a million dollars. I can fund deals in two minutes because I have lines of credit that prime corporate services has helped me build. So here's what I'm doing for the action takers. What I'm going to be doing is for the next six months, I'll be doing one to two zooms a month where I will be teaching not just the paperwork. I will be teaching you guys the strategies where to find these people, how to talk to them, how to do all the things. And I'm not charging you for it. I'm gaining 50% equity on a deal. This coming week, somebody else found the deal. They're going to turn into an Airbnb and they're like, I need $22,000 to sell their finance deal. It's one of my students. They need $22,000 to turn this into an Airbnb. It's a zero percent seller finance deal. And they're like, I need $22,000 to make this deal work. Can you be my lender? I go, I'll be your partner. You give me 50% equity and I'll be your lender. I took 50% ownership of a deal. 50% ownership of a deal because somebody need the capital and where am I going to pull the $22,000 from? I'm pulling my $22,000 from a line of credit. It's not my money. This is the purchase contract. I want to walk through with you guys today. This is the one I'm giving to you guys. All right, perfect. New, this is fresh boy. This is, in my opinion, the greatest wholesale contract that has ever been created. Any wholesale contract, I will never, by the way, I will never give the free group. I will never give my YouTube channel. I will never, ever, ever, ever give away my creative finance documents. This is for sub two students only. This document is literally the greatest wholesale contract there is. I have other people, other influencers that are giving away contracts out on YouTube. You guys have all been part of that. Like, hey, for download my free contract, they all wish they had this contract. And I want the world to have this contract. The reason why I want this world, the world to have this contract is pay attention. Why am I giving away this contract? I'm giving this contract away because when a gator wants to lend money to you, I want to make sure that you are using this contract. And if you are a gator, I want you to make sure your wholesaler is using this contract as well. Are we all on the same page? This contract will protect you. And there's a couple of ways it will protect you as the wholesaler and as the lender. Okay. First way it's going to protect you is that did you guys know that in the state of Arizona, if I open up a real estate transaction, right? So I get a contract with a seller and it says, I'm going to buy their house for $100,000 and I'm putting a $1000 earnus money down. And I start that transaction. The title company starts working on the paperwork. I got 10 days of an inspection period in the state of Arizona. If I cancel at any time during my 10 day inspection period, anytime during my 10 day inspection period, do I get my earnest money back? The answer is yes. In state of Arizona, I get my earnest money back. Do I need the seller's permission for the title company to release my $1000 back to me? I do not. In the state of Florida, if I go do the same exact transaction, okay? In the state of California, I'm sorry, Florida, Utah, Texas, a couple of others as well. The seller has to give me permission to get my earnest money back. Or they have to sign off. It's called mutual release. Both parties. Sellers and the buyer have to release that earnest money back to me. Does that make sense, everybody? Do we understand that? So if I'm a gator lender and I'm going to lend $1000 to a wholesaler for their earnest money, which happens all the time, 85 plus percent of wholesalers don't have any money to put in earnest money. Especially if they have three, four or five contracts going on at the same time. Sean Han says same thing with Alabama. Okay? So what do I do? I go and pay my attorney to redraft a document that gets rid of that issue. This contract gets rid of that issue where your contract, it doesn't matter what the state law is, your seller is going to sign off on not requiring a mutual release. Does everybody understand how freaking cool that is? It is worth so much effing money for you to have this document. Okay? So really basic, right? Here's the property address, boom, boom, boom, the APN, that's super easy, legal description, blah, blah, blah. Earnous money or the deposit, sorry guys, in my word. So here's the earnest money. This is how much your wholesaler, if you are a lender, your wholesaler, you're going to be needing to borrow this much money because they don't have it. Here's the purchase price, close of escrow day, really basic. You can see, okay? You can see that in this contract, this first page is very basic. It's very basic, just, you know, what am I buying it for? What's the address? How much is the earnest money? Who's the title company? They're the escrow agent that we're utilizing. Okay? Pretty basic stuff. Okay? Then it talks about how long is my inspection period? So this is important for you as a lender, right? A gator lender, you want to know exactly how many days you have, okay? Then escrow fees, okay? This is interesting. Usually the buyer pays all the closing fees, but we always leave this real long thing in here for a negotiating strategy. I'll teach you guys about that another day. And then here's the additional terms and conditions, purchase and sell price for the purchase price in accordance with the data. Great. Status of title. As soon as the practical following and effective date, that's not important, okay? Here we go. Boom. Number five. Instruction to release the deposit upon cancellation during the inspection period. This gets rid of your state's requirement of a seller's mutual release. This one, this one paragraph, okay? Seller hereby irrevocably instructs escrow agent to return the deposit to buyer or to any person or entity that would be you as a lender designated by buyer to receive the deposit if the buyer elects to cancel this contract during the inspection period. If buyer elects to cancel the period and no further written instructions are required for escrow agent to release the deposit to the buyer or any person or entity designated by the buyer to receive the deposit, seller hereby waves any rights under state or any other law to object the release of deposit. If this contract is canceled by the buyer during the inspection period and waves any right to provide any additional written consent to release of the deposit, if this contract is canceled by the buyer. Guys, written by my attorney, this one paragraph is worth thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars with or without your need to have a gator lender. Okay? Now these are all other stupid things who cares about them. Okay? All these things don't matter. This one. Okay? There it is. Right here. Memorandum of contract. Here's the other thing that's very, very, very important. This Memorandum of contract is incredibly important as well. Most wholesale contracts in the nation do not have this. It is important that you're the person that you are lending. If you are a gator, it is important for your borrower to utilize. Do you guys see why? So anybody that's is a gator, you've already taken action. Do you see why I want to give this contract away? Do you guys see why I want to give this to even people who are not in the gator community and the sub two community? I want to make sure that everybody has this contract so that if you are going to lend or you are going to borrow, you are both protected. This alone cost me $3,200 in sitting down with my attorney going through, revising, revising, revising to make sure that this is as good as it is it's going to currently get. Now here's what's cool. Now my sub two students already know this about me is that every time I revise my documents and it costs me $7,000 or $10,000, whatever it costs, I always provide those new updated documents a year later, two years later, three years later, five years later, whatever. So this contract will protect all the gators if the wholesalers are using it. Now if you're a wholesaler out there, do you think this is a smart contract for you to utilize? Darren Talcott, always with the technical questions. Let's get to Darren. He's super smart. Let's get to Darren this question. Darren what's your question? I'm sorry brother. Hey pace. Can you hear me okay? Yeah, I can hear you great. Great. Sorry I didn't turn out my video. I've been six since getting back from clever summit. Oh yeah, a lot of people got that clever flu or that clever COVID, a lot of people got it. Hannah Landio last year where at Phillipa, at the 12th hour on close pay basically and even know our paperwork said that the EMD funds go back to us in the contract. Yeah. The title company wouldn't release the funds without a mutually signed letter of release and it took us a couple months to get that done. So would it be the best practice in the beginning, especially if you're lending on this too? So Darren, here's what's great about this. So as a gator lender, there's four of their documents. You saw them that email that I showed you guys just recently, right? Yeah. There is a set of escrow instructions that requires your title and escrow company to sign off on that they understand that there is no need for a mutual consent. Great. Does that make sense? I will be giving that to all the gator lenders. Does that make sense? Perfect. Okay. So your contract states it, but then on top of that, the lender, I'm going to go through the process when you're in the private gator tribe. I'm going to teach you guys how to talk to the escrow agents. I'm going to bring Alison Gustafson, my transaction coordinator in there. She's going to teach you how to talk to the title companies and how to walk through the process and get them to sign the document acknowledging during the inspection period. And before you wire your money as the gator lender, that the title and escrow company acknowledge in the escrow instructions that they have read the purchase contract and they hear by all and understand that your money will be refunded back to you. Perfect. If the wholesaler didn't use your paperwork, but still want to lend to them, this is hell no. Do not lend to them because they're using some free downloaded wholesale contract off somebody's YouTube or somebody's bullshit website. They're using a horrible contract. Okay. I'm hoping to actually utilize to create a whole a standardized wholesale contract by having everybody out there working on this contract. And we'll update it. We'll continually update it when somebody's like, Hey, I ran into an issue. We'll update it. I'll pay my attorney to update it. I want everybody to have access to the Dropbox link. Okay. So we will update it as we run into new issues or new things. And that's kind of the cool thing about a community is that people kind of collectively come in and go, Hey, I have these issues or hey, I ran into this. Can you help me out with this and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? So if somebody's using their own contract, here's one of the other things I've given you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Of course. I did you watch the contract or did you watch the Sean St. Clair's zoom. I know that I do a lot of content. I totally get that it's probably absolutely. I want to prove that and it was first. So do you remember me talking about the escrow instructions and making sure here's the escrow instructions right here assignment of earnest money deposit and irrevocable escrow instructions here it is right here. This is the document I will be giving to lender. So I just popped it up for a second. I will be giving that to you as a lender. So if your wholesaler does not use the standardized gator wholesale contract that protects both the wholesaler and the gator you as the wholesale or you as the gator lender. You need to go into that whole thing and go, Hey, I'm happy to loan the $1,000 to you or the $5,000 to you or the $10,000 to you, whatever it is. But you got to get your seller to sign this addendum or else we don't have a deal. Right. We've been my brother and I would be eager to get this going. Taken action PCS, but we want to make sure that we were in lockstep with the paperwork and everything. So we're protected. Absolutely. I appreciate that. The paperwork I'm releasing is only the paperwork for strategy number one. So Mike says, Hey, don't you think having the title company on board is important to a smooth deal, even with good documents? Thank you for the thank you for that statement, Mike, because this helps hammer that home really well. 100% having the title company on board and how to talk to them, making sure they understand having them confirm and writing, whether it's email or even signing a document stating that they understand the process and what you're planning on doing is absolutely 100% a requirement, not a suggestion. And you know, for five seconds, why aren't you touched on the fact that not all title companies are the same and I don't have a sell up here. They're do you know, I think it's important to vet those title companies ahead of time. Yeah, and we'll do that. Like I've got the good thing about Sean St. Clair's, I'm going to be spending, you know, $75 an hour for every hour he spends with us, but he has a Facebook group that is full of title companies and closing attorneys nationwide that are investor friendly. And so what we'll be doing is helping build that Facebook group. You don't need a Juan Lopez as we need a list of title companies. No, you don't. Johnson clarity has a Facebook group full of them nationwide. There's not a state he doesn't have a title company or a closing attorney that is willing to do sub to seller finance transactions inside of that Facebook group. And a shout out to that Facebook group, I lost a deal because I trusted a title company that didn't know what they were doing far too long until the deal was too late for closure deal. And later I saw a title company that would have closed that deal on his list right here in in my town. I lost a deal simply by not making use of that resource. Super helpful for you to bring that up and it is tough. Like this is the thing these are the pieces of value that people don't even think of. Like they think, oh cool, another Facebook group. Guys, it's taken Sean Sank Claire and then my amplification of that Facebook group over two years to get to a point where it provided value to somebody like Mike. It is tremendous amount of hard work that goes into creating value for you guys. It is the name of that Facebook group is what is it? Real estate investor legal is the name of that Facebook group. Real estate investor legal. Okay. And here's the thing. You will not find sub two contracts in there seller finance contracts. You will not find title companies are closing attorneys that will provide those documents for you. You will need to work with existing sub two seller finance students of mine to get those. Okay. Today, did we all get value today? I know I rehearsed a lot of things but we at least got the wholesale contract that's worth $3,200. We can all walk away from this zoom today saying, I won. I got value. And also for the people who are going to be future lenders, how valuable is it for us to give all the wholesale community this contract to make sure that all gator lenders are protected? Do you guys see how valuable that is? Instead of me just giving that to just the gator lenders, we want to give that to the wholesalers and the investors up front. So when they come and ask for a loan, even double close or fund this or fund that for me, we want to make sure that they're using the proper people work up front because that's the foundation of the transaction is the contract with the seller and the wholesaler so that you guys when it comes to you as a lender, you have a lot less to worry about. You still have to do a lot of things that Mike and I were just talking about where you have to work with the title and ask for a company, you have to make sure that they read the document, they acknowledge it in writing. You have to do all of that kind of stuff and we're going to train you on that in the future. But I gave you the foundational elements of that today. Okay. Does everybody have the link? Give me a yes if you guys have the link for the document. Okay. A couple of we will have their hands raised. So let me answer a couple of questions real quick. I'll go fast. I'm going to be done here in 10 minutes. Okay. Marco, I see your camera's on. So I'm going to call on you. What up Marco? How are you doing? I can't hear you. Oh, there we go. There it is. What's up dog? How you doing? How's it going, my man? Doing great. Thanks so much for having me on here and doing the zoom. I completely feel your the heat from here. Bro, I appreciate that you saying that because I don't want to be I don't want to come off as a jerk, but I do want to make sure I give you every right to stand where you stand. I'm completely side with you on everything. I also want to congratulate Darian. I didn't know he was in here, but I've been kind of waiting on him for he he ended up winning a giveaway from me not too long ago for a whole branding of a logo for his company. I think he's waiting on the PCS thing. But I'm glad he's actually doing it because I can't wait to help him lift that that brand and take off with it. I love it. Very cool. But what I wanted to ask you was so for the for the contracts themselves, the whole cell one and of course the other contracts. I know you said there's a the 10 day period or 15 day peers for some deals, but when it comes to almost at the end, right, when you have those situations where the deal falls apart right at the end, inspection period has already gone by all these other windows have been closed. This is a lot of attachment. Yeah, that attachment that you have, that agenda that you were talking about is that what kind of protects the the lender, maybe at the end there about maybe having his money back where it's not known. What happens is let's say, let's say hypothetically. So here's, can you see my screen right now? Yes. Yes. Okay, so we got the seller right here. So the seller and the whole seller enter into an agreement, right? And there's a contract that they're using and I hope that they use our contract. Otherwise, you shouldn't be lending to them or if you are lending to them, you should make sure they have the adendum signed on top of that, right? So they then take these documents and they go and they open escrow at the title company, right? So they have a company that they use over here and now they have a 10 day or 15 day IP or inspection period, right? So in this contract, let's say the whole seller says, I need a thousand dollars or let's say, let's just say it's a thousand dollars for easy math here. Okay. So the policy and what I'm going to train you on, Marco, is I'm going to train you to say that whoever the buyer is because that's essentially what this whole seller is going to do, right? The whole seller is going to find a buyer. This whole seller here needs to go find a buyer. Do we agree with that? Yes. The whole seller needs to go and ask their buyer to put in three thousand to five thousand dollars non-refundable money and deposit that in escrow. If they have not done that during the 10 to 15 day inspection period, you need to cancel a day before. Okay. And I have that authority. You have that authority? Yes. Got you. Okay. I'm going to get your money back. Now if, let's say hypothetically, this, this five thousand dollars does get in deposited within those 10 to five days. And now what happens is the buyer down here, this future buyer decides to cancel, which does happen. Paperwork that I have will state, well, guess what, guess what the seller gets? The seller gets this thousand dollars because the seller is within the right to get that thousand dollars because somebody did not fulfill their obligation and this whole, the seller gets their thousand dollars, right? So that money is lost. But the great thing is you as the lender get the remaining balance of this right here. So let's say that the buyer puts in three thousand dollar earnest money and the seller, the seller's contract is only a thousand dollars earnest money. You are covered and you actually still made how much money. You made, you doubled your money. So you got your thousand dollars back plus thousand dollars. Okay. That's awesome. So this is where I'm, this is where I'm going to train you guys to protect yourself. Even if this buyer down here doesn't fulfill, you need either a canceled during the inspection period because you haven't seen the buyer deposit their money or b, once the buyer deposits their money, guess what? You get the receipt, you get proof that the money is there. Now you, you don't care, right? You don't care if the transaction cancels. You don't care what happens after that, after that point because your money's covered. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes absolute sense. And that's, I mean, this is amazing. I've been lending for quite a bit. Payson, my contracts are not, they're not protected like like this one, especially that right there. Like that's, that's gold for me. Yeah. I appreciate it. That's amazing. And so that's, that's really what I was, the answer I was looking for. So it really breaks it down. And what I'm going to do is probably have my attorney, you know, so that way I'm not taking time as well from, from anybody's time to just kind of guide me through the wording and everything and make sure that I understand it perfectly. But this is, I mean, I, I'm giving you all the documents. There's going to be multiple documents. Let me, let me show you where the documents are. So I'm giving you guys this document. I got them. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to repeat yourself with me. Yeah. Cool. So I got, I got the, I got the wholesale contract that you guys are all having access to. This one right here. You guys will get that contract. You guys will also get the addendum contract. You will also get the, you and your wholesale lent, your wholesale borrower. Okay. This borrow right here and you will also have another contract, a JV contract talking about your agreement. Okay. You will then have another set of documents that goes to the title company that are escrow instructions. Okay. That instruct the escrow company on what you're doing and that you're entitled to this buyer's earnest money if the transaction cancels not the wholesaler. So the wholesaler walks away with nothing. Okay. The wholesaler walks away with nothing. You're the one that gets your, your thousand dollar, seller gets their thousand dollars and you get your thousand dollars back plus your return because you loan money and you provided a service. Okay. So all of those documents will be provided to all the gators. So you don't need to have your lent, you don't need to have your attorney draft them because I've already spent so far. I've spent close to seven thousand dollars on just this four set of documents that I'm giving to everybody on Tuesday, who is an action taker. That's awesome. And so that everybody understands and is in here as well with what pace is really essentially doing here is giving full the title company access and control of this where neither the wholesaler or the buyer can go in there and say, hey, I want this back. Only they are the ones that are able to release it. And so it gives you as a lender confidence and ease of mind that, you know, the transaction is going to work in your favor if it goes, you know, either way. During the inspection, that's that's amazing. It's amazing. Absolutely. Sean for, you know, obviously, you know, making these contracts as well. St. Clair is amazing at what he does. He's great. And he understands, you know, he understands. He brothers, am I the only one seeing this or he did for us. Oh, okay. I was like, wait, did I do something? Oh, that's a bummer. Take over. I can't take over this zoom. I'm not equipped. But it is amazing what what pace is doing with the contract size. I mean, I've been lending for, you know, good amount of years. And I can tell you that these contracts, I mean, they have some really good. Exits like, you know, I've been burned, you know, I've had to learn the hard way. And I'm not saying that that's how it's always going to go. So, you know, it's not always like that. I mean, those are very little situations compared to the many successful ones, if I may say. But for the most part, you know, you end up coming out winning. And that's, I mean, that's the game. There's risks. Turn anything that you put your money into, especially if it's in real estate, there's always going to be some sort of risk. But these these contracts, I mean, I can't say that pace can guarantee they're like a thousand percent bullet proof, right? You know, but he's he's doing something that's amazing. Amazing guys. What to do, y'all? Paces power went out like the entire house, all 11,000. Oh my god. Paces done for the day. So we appreciate you guys so much. We'll catch you later. Have a good one guys.