 Okay, cool. Olaf. Oh, yes, I get it by a house from a snowman. This is dope. This is dope. Should I make a joke about that? Do you wanna build us? No, man. Oh. Oh. Hello, Olaf Strung. Olaf, how you doing? This is Pace Morby. Hi, Pace. How are you? I'm awesome. Did Ralph tell you I was gonna call? He did. He did. Amazing. So I'm looking at his chicken scratch notes. And he was telling me that you guys briefly talked about 183,000, but I can't make sense of his notes. Can you catch me up to speed on your guys' screens? Yeah, let me give you a hold on. I'm gonna put you on speaker. No problem. Okay. What's your last name, Pace? Morby. Morby, okay. Yeah. So I have this house down in Florida that I've kind of bought on the back to build it and flip it in the market. You know, crashed in 2008, so I've just been running it out. I'm a, you know, I've only laid eyes on it twice. I don't have keys. You know, I get there with a GPS, but, and so, you know, I just running it out and then with the market picking up, I've got a lot of inquiries like yourself. And it's getting where I can maybe, you know, sell it. Just because I live in Cincinnati, I've got eight other homes in Cincinnati. And this is the only one in Florida. And it's just, it's far away. It's like the odd man out. It's like, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I, you know, I fully imported in a, I'm a division president for my company. And so what you're saying is you have a lot of extra time on your hands? Yeah, yeah. And I just make more, every hour I spend on these properties, I can make more money, but you know, my job. So it's just the, you know, kind of, I want to get out of it without putting any more money in it, get my money out of it. I love it. I think that's so. So he was, did you bring up like, create a finance at all? He did. And what are your thoughts on that? What do you not like about it? So I'm open to, you know, I'm open, I'm open to it. I, it doesn't, doesn't hurt the, right? Yeah, for sure. Do you have an existing loan on it? I do. So I'll give you the, like the financials. I, the, and I just checked this morning, the, the mortgage payment is $1,444, in 98 cents. So 1,44, 4.98. The payoff estimate as of this morning, I just went online as 182, 713. And, you know, so if I could get that out of it and cover the closing costs, it would be great. OK. What are you currently running it for? It's, and again, I'm not, it's $1,100. Oh, dang, so we're losing money every month. Yeah, yeah. Got it. And, and, you know, I could, again, get some. Yes. So it's, is, is it short answer? OK, no problem. So what's your lease agreement with that tenant? So the lease is, and I just pulled the lease today. So the lease is was signed September 28th, 2020. And it is the term expired on September 30th. So she's around a month to month. OK. There's an early termination clause for sale with, you know, 45 days, but the month to month is a 15 day written. No, this is so I'm not sure which one has precedent over the other. OK. So let's just, let's say that I could take over payments. I pay the closing costs and we're done. Is that something you would be happy with? And then, and then when it sells, what, it just pays off alone. No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't pay off the loan. The, the, the value and the property. Because it's, it's, it's, it's losing time. And yeah, I mean, well, the loans got to get paid off. So when you close it, no, no, the loan doesn't have to get paid off. OK. So the way it goes. So you just take over the payments. Yeah. Yes. Because the challenge is it's a losing, it's a property losing money, right? So I look at that and I'm like, why would I go get a loan to pay off an existing loan? The only people that make money in that situation is the banks. Right. So far, the only people who have made any money on that property are the banks. So what are we doing trying to make the banks more money? Right, right, right. So my thought is why don't I just take over payments? I pay closing costs and I keep making the payments for a couple of years until I can refinance it or I can do something along those lines and get the loan out of your name. But essentially, the loan would stay in your name even though I would be the new manager of the property. I'd own it. I'd deal with the property taxes, the insurance, the maintenance, the tenants. I you'd be done with it. Well, OK. Yeah. Um, and then, and then, uh, how is that working alone in your name? Is the loan, the loan doesn't go in my name. The loans. It's on my name. It's on your name. Yeah. And the property taxes, the responsibility, the liability, all that stuff transfers over to me. And the loan stays in your name as an existing, um, performing loan. So I keep making payments on it. It keeps improving improving your credit. And then at some point, probably, I don't know, it could be two years. It could be 2000 years. I sell the property. And that's when the loan gets out of your name is either when I sell the house, I refinance the house or, um, I pay it off. So do I have a lien on it then? Yeah, you do. Yep. You have a lien, yeah. Just like a mortgage company would just like a mortgage company. OK. That's interesting. Yeah, it's. Yeah. So the other. Yeah, I'd have to think about that and ask my. One of the other things obviously, if I sell it, I'll, I'll make out on the back end of my taxes. Well, you're the way it'll work out with like your CPA is you've lost money on this property since you bought it, right? Have you ever made money on it? No. Did you ever depreciate the asset? Do you ever use depreciation against it? I have. OK, then yeah, you'll have no tax liability on the deal because you've lost money along the way. Um, and you're not going to make any money on the thing. It's just you're going to stop. Yeah, but I won't be able to take those losses until I sell it. That's so well, you've sold it. So that's the, that's the thing that's really confusing as people confuse a mortgage and a deed as the same thing. Right. So when I give you the deed that would, there you go. You get now you get to take those. So then I can take the loss on it. Correct. OK. Wow. So if you, are you working with a bookkeeper or a CPA, who are you working with? Yeah, my account. So if your accountant wants to see how we've done this with other sellers, I'd be happy to get my accountant on it and kind of walk them through. But the deed transfers, you get to take your loss. I take over, I take over the existing house and the losses and then I figure out how do I make money on the deal? No. Um, usually what we'll do is we'll do a variety of things. We could turn it into like an assisted living. We could turn it into a different type of property that helps people and we can amplify the rent rate. The challenge is for somebody like you is that you're one, you're in Cincinnati. Two, you have a great job that the more, the more time you put into your job, the more money you make, right? Yeah. With us, we are an established real estate business. That's our business. So our job is to go into houses like this that are underperforming and figure out how to make them perform. And that's where we get our value, right? Yep. Yep. Well, that sounds, um, it certainly sounds easy on my end. It's very, it's why we do it. I mean, we buy a house like this probably every other day just like this. Wow. Um, can you, do you have like a boilerplate contract or something that I could look at? Sure. Yeah. Do you want to, is this your cell, this is your cell phone, right? It is. And I can give you my email too, whatever is easy. If you don't mind texting me, I've got one, I've only got one hand that I can use right now. If you don't mind texting me, that'd be great. Okay. Great. And if I lose you, I'm going to, I'm going to do the same thing. Yeah, no problem. Okay. Okay. Uh, and here's what we'll do. I've got, I've got actually another seller. I got a call in two minutes. I called you a little bit late. I apologize. I got another seller. I called in two minutes. And what I would do is, I'll send over some stuff. You let me know what you like, what you don't like. And then let's touch base in the next couple of days. When, when's your next payment due, by the way, from that tenant? From the tenant? Well, actually, both. When's your payment? When's the last day you'd like to stop losing money on the house? Essentially, is what I'm asking. The, um, yeah, the answer should be yesterday, right? I've only been doing this 11 years. Right. Oh my gosh. Think about that. I mean, what you've lost 50 grand on this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My wife will be happy. Um, the, uh, so the payments do on the first of the month. And I usually pay it, you know, like if they say the late charges on the 15, I just. I paid a day before that late chart, late charges do. Okay. So have you made the payment this month, October? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Why don't, why don't we do this? I, we can close quickly and I, what would happen is, here's what the next step would be. You and I would work out an agreement. Yep. I'd probably set to close in 10 days. And what I would do in that time frame is I would call your tenant and I would ask her because she's been there a while. I imagine, right? Uh, for, for a year. Okay. So years of decent amount. I would reach out to her and say, hey, do you want to, you know, stay here for a couple months, for months and I wouldn't mind losing money for a couple of months just to make sure she found a place to live. Yeah. But there's no way I could afford like to sit there and lose $100 a month, right? No, yeah. And I think, you know, even. And I don't know if Ralph told you, you know, the house is, it's, it's pretty. You know, if you were going to turn it and sell it, it's, uh, it just eats some. Well, I don't know what this recent tenant does. But I think it's just carpet paint, some cosmetic things and, you know, it's, uh, the market every time I check is increasing. Yeah. So, yeah. So, you know, the thing is we don't really look at the market, you know, it's again, we're, we're asset. We try and buy assets and. Okay. Market could go up or down. It doesn't matter to me. What we want to do is just help people out, whether it's assisted living or something along those lines. And you, actually you giving us an opportunity to buy the house helps a lot of people. Yes. Okay. Not just you. Not just you. Not just you. It helps me. And, uh, you know, I, I am sensitive to, you know, if we can. Even though I've never spoken to her or whatever, I, I do try to. Take good care of my tenants or work with them when I can. You know, so. We'd be, we'd be happy to work with her, give her an extra couple of months to find another place. We'll take care of it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll give you an email, shoot me your email and text and I'll get you some stuff. Okay. And then, uh, yeah. Okay. Great. Um, and, and, uh, I have a property manager as well. Do you want me to treat you the lease as well? Yeah. That'd be great. Okay. What are you doing with your, what are you doing with your six properties in Cincinnati? Um, I've got, uh, seven. I'm a property manager. Oh, love it. And those ones are easy because they're just in your backyard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I've got, um, her husband's, uh, he's got a, uh, construction company. He does all the rehab and, um, making money on those. I'll post the plan. I'm off. Love it. Okay. Sounds good. Well, let's, let's figure this one out and let's move forward and, uh, get this monkey off your back. Okay. Terrific. Thank you all off. I appreciate you. Thank you. Um, do you want to build us? No, man. Hm. Who? So. And sometimes it's like a lot of people are afraid to answer the question that the seller's asking and they want to like dance around the answer like Are you gonna take the loan out of my name? No, it could be two thousand years Right just right to the freaking point Challenge me come at me bro It helps a lot like seeing that stuff because like scripting is you know You can see this on a script and it just doesn't help it's like you've got to see this in action to like truly see how this goes And then also even though you got like you've been in the program for a long time It's good reminder of like you're like oh man I've lost my way in some of my calls and I actually did you see me right down on my desk like I'll write notes So I write notes to myself and these are my dumbass notes, okay? My dumbass notes are in the very beginning of my first call because it was my first call of the day. I was I was too fast And so I'll put that on my desk and my note was start too fast. That's it So my my first call was right out of the gate I was hasty and I was whatever and so I had to remind myself slow down Shut up Speak class and so what happened is on the second third and fourth call They all went way better because I just slowed down and shut up and then I also gave way more pauses, right? So I mean you guys know this shit It's good. It's always it's always good. It's always good to see it in person and do it Why are people do