 Hey, everybody. We are going to get started. We had about 500 people waiting to hear Robert Allen and Robert Allen is here in the building. I'm super excited. Had a ton of people excited to get in here, Robert. Do you want to be called Bob or Mr. Allen? Oh, Bob's good. Lovely. Let's see if we can get you to get your PowerPoint started. I'd love to see that. See if we can figure that out. It's a newer platform. The reason we use this platform, by the way, is because it allows us to call people, not call people, but allow our audience actually to verbally ask questions. We can hear them audibly. Has a little better interaction than just a regular, like a YouTube live or something like that. And then it's more private so that what happens is all the people who attend a YouTube live will get a couple more thousand people to show up. But what's cool about this is that if you decide you want to give something away to them for free, you'll get the whole email list of everybody that showed up. So you can give them your book or you can give them previous books or you can give them maybe another event that you're going to be speaking at in the future. What have you? Cool. I told a whole story for 20 minutes about how you basically made me cry in Key West already. So everybody's pumped and ready to hear from you. I honestly, Mr. Allen, have never heard a better speaker. At least somebody that resonated with me so specifically, especially about your experiences and what you were willing to do, especially with the LA Times and your book, The Challenge, which is probably one of your more amazing books. But I feel like it gets overlooked a little bit. And that was my favorite book when I was getting into real estate was The Challenge. And man, I just you're unbelievable. I'm so excited to hear what you have to say today. Well, let's, let's make sure they all get a copy of the challenge. And if that was your favorite book, I'll give a copy to everybody here. Amazing. All right. Let's see. Have you, can you see anything about how to present? I can see a picture of me. I can, I don't know if you need you. There's like a turn on your audio. Then there's an aerial arrow arrow that says present to the audience. Okay. I see. Uh-huh. Oh, I see people are sending love. That's cool. Okay. Oh, okay. Good. So I present select a PDF or a browser window. Okay. All that didn't work. Let's see. Select a PDF file or share my screen. Okay. All right. I can do that. Let's, let's make that a little bit bigger than. Hold on a second. Guy, while he's working on this guys, who is excited about the story I told, how he accepted the LA Times challenge. It was interesting when I heard the real story. I heard the story years ago because this happened when when did that happen with the LA Times? So happened in 81. I've heard the story multiple times. I've read Robert's books. I've watched his videos. He's been traveling around the country. So he's prolific in the real estate space. And he's one of the best speakers I've ever heard. But when you told it, it was really interesting because the way you told it, you said, do you think I was nervous? And I was like, no way he was nervous. And you said, oh my gosh, yes, I was so nervous to accept this challenge. I couldn't even imagine you flying into LA just saying, what am I going to do? How am I going to make this happen so quickly? Well, it's not just being nervous, it's being scared out of my mind. You know, you're absolutely terrified. So okay, let's see, I'm still doing some challenging issues here. I've got to choose my application or tab. Actually, what I would do is I would go to your other tab where you have your PDF that you're presenting. Yeah, my, yeah, your PowerPoint, just go full screen. Click on the upper green arrow right there. I'm a full screen, but then I do that, then I lose you. Let's see how do I see me? I'll be here. I can see you perfectly. We're good. Everybody can see you there. Go and to, to give access to, to the full screen. So I'm trying to figure out how to do that. Okay, so we might just not have a PowerPoint. How about that? Do you want to see that? Is it a PowerPoint online or where is it? It sits on my script, my, my hard drive right here. Yeah, got it. We could see it perfectly. Could you not go back and forth between it like on an arrow? Oh, well, I couldn't see it. That's interesting. You could see it, huh? Yeah, we could see it great. We could see you kept your camera going, kept your screen going, everything was great. Okay, entire screen window. Okay, let's choose a window. Well, let's try that. Okay, can you see, can now you can, I'm trying to share a window. Yeah, we can see it. Yeah. Okay, we can see all of the individual stuff. I'm user. Okay, can you see that? I would double click on the first slide so we get it would go full screen. Okay. What I would do is go back to share screen. Don't share a browser or don't share anything. Don't share the PDF. Just share your full screen. Okay, supposedly that was my full screen, but what does that show? That shows the camera and all that kind of stuff. But now what you want to do is you want to go over to your presentation because we can see your whole computer, which is great. How about that? No. Let's see that. Okay. Well, you know, I tell you what, sometimes using a PowerPoint is good and sometimes it's better just to talk. So I will talk through that. So first of all, thank you, Pace, for inviting me to be here. I'm honored to be here. Thank you. So I understand you have, is it true that I see a number of five, two? Is that four hundred and fifty two people came here? Yeah, we and we limit it. We limit our lives. This is a private session. Usually when I do it like a YouTube live or something, I can get a few thousand people, but I really wanted to limit this to people who are really excited about real estate. People that are struggling with fear specifically. And so we limited it. And if you don't mind, give me two minutes of what I want to do is I want to tell people one more time why I had you in here. And I told you this when I met you in Key West, I was not planning on going to Key West. I was in Tampa at another mastermind. Tim Mai comes and taps me on the shoulder and he said, Pace, everybody's talking about how great of a community you're building in real estate. And I want you to come and speak on stage at this upcoming mastermind. I said, Tim, I'm going to have a hard time with that. I've got A&E wants me to start filming my show next week. I have a five year contract. I have to make a good impression. I can't come and speak. I'm so sorry. I love a good speaking engagement, but I just can't. And he says, well, Pace, here's the speaker lineup. If you want to come hang out with your buddies, you know, here's your thing. Am I going to see these guys five, six times a year? It's kind of like you. You traveled the country with all your buddies, speaking on stage and you become friends. It's okay if you miss one engagement with them, right? So he sends me the link. And I'm swiping through the link and I see Robert G. Allen. And I called him and I said, there's no way Robert G. Allen is coming to speak at your event. There's no way. And he goes, oh, yeah, he's like, I don't, he's like, I honestly can't believe it either. And I said, Tim, if Robert G. Allen is there and I can have a four minute conversation with him, it would just mean so much to me. I've been looking up to this guy for 20 years. And he says, yes, I will make sure I give an introduction to Robert and you guys can connect. And I'm like, okay, I'm dropping everything. I call A&E and I go, I have an emergency. I'm so sorry. I can't explain it, but I got to go. And I fly down. I bring Jamil. I come and see you speak. And I have not been that moved in years. And then out in the hallway, you came up to me and you said, hey, pace, how can we connect? And I was like, this is the nicest man. Like you, sometimes you meet your heroes and they're not what you imagine them to be. And you are 10 times more than what I imagined you to be. And I appreciate you so much for that. And then I hear you speak. And you spoke and you said a couple of things with which I'm going to let you get into. And I'm sorry for being so verbose. But you said out of all the years, I've been educating people on real estate and the strategies and the tactics and, you know, the sales this and how to close a deal. And this, that and the other, the number one thing that is missing in people is their mindset. And I was like blown away because as an educator, I don't talk about mindset, Robert. I don't talk about it. It's like go get deals, go network, go get deals, go network, go do this, go do that. And I then heard you, you gave us your book and I came home, I gobbled it to pieces, I then shared it with some of my students and I had a student call me and cry and said, this was the missing piece that I needed in my life. And that is why we push so hard to get you in here. And I am so grateful that you came. I am so grateful that you are here to talk to them. And without a power point, I'm going to let you take the stage. Okay. Hi everybody. If you're here, you're a winner. You're a winner because you want to improve your life. You have sacrificed your Saturday to be here. And that's exactly what you need to do. You know, the one characteristic of winners is they're willing to sacrifice. And that's what you've done to be here. So congratulations. Reach your hand over your left shoulder and patch yourself on the back. You're here because you want to learn something. And my objective today is something that I say in the way I say it, being the words and way I frame those words will touch you in a certain way that'll cause you to take action. Not to learn anything. I don't necessarily want you to learn what I talk about today. But to be inspired and motivated to act to go do something. Not to learn it. Not to take some notes. I don't care about your notes. Those notes will get put put in a pile somewhere in your room. And then you'll put books on top of it. Maggs is on top of that. Those notes will be lost. The only way the notes work is if they're on your heart. And that means you've learned them because it was it was an aha. And an aha is when you go aha. He's talking to me. You know, he wasn't just sharing stuff that for everybody to learn. He was actually talking to me. And I hope that sometime today I'll be talking to you in a way that you need to hear it. And I don't know what I'm going to say or even how I'm going to say it in a way that might touch you. That's my hope. That's my dream. That's my plan. That's my that's my prayer that you will take what you learn today. You go out into the world and you'll make the world a better place starting with your world. You got to fix your world first. And then when your world is fixed, then you can go out and share with other people as pace is sharing with you. He fixed his world. He went out and made it happen. He made his dream happen. And therefore he's now here as a mentor for you. And what an incredible mentor he is. And what a group of people he's put together for you. And what a what a smart decision on your part to link yourself up with this group so that you can network with the winners. That's what we do. Right. As pace was referring to a visual that that I say you need three skills to succeed. You need the skill. I call system skills a skill number one skill number two you need people skills skill number three. You need mindset skills. And all those three are they equally important or which of the is the most important one for your personal success. Is it system skills which is learning how to do the real estate finding funding farming real estate fixing properties up finding them the the tenants having systems for the tenants systems for the fix up systems for the finding six for the systems for the fund. And those are systems of real estate investing in every business you know has a system attached to whether stock market investing or multiple streams of income. That's one of my one of my my famous books on multiple streams of income. I'm looking over up my my bookshelf over here to some of the books that I've written I've written multiple streams of income the month the one minute millionaire cash and a flash cracking the millionaire code nothing down a proven program. It shows you how to buy real estate with a little or no money down creating wealth the challenge and the challenge of the book that he talked about challenges when I I did my challenge if you notice the word challenge in the middle of the word challenge is my name is hidden in there. Alan and I am loved to be challenged and so as pace was talking about I took the systems that I had learned I took the people skills I had learned and I took the mindset skills that I had developed over my lifetime until I was like 29 30 years old and I created my first fortune I created my first million like you're creating your first million. I had a dream I had a desire I had a passion to be financially independent I wanted to be rich I wanted to be a millionaire that's what I wanted to be why I mean now I'm 73 as of three days ago I'm 73 years old now I'm looking back on that young kid 40 plus years ago and I'm wondering what what what is it he's going into well I understand where you are many of your younger you know seems like pace of tracks at younger group you you you realize what it's like to to yearn to learn and why because you want to have this itch to be rich it only you want to you have this need to succeed and I know exactly what that's like because boy that's the way I was when I was younger I was all over the map I was passionate I was willing to learn my real estate skills anywhere I could find them you know I literally when I was at Brickham Young University graduated with my masters in business excited about the future there were I knew that real estate was my was was my one of my vehicles to take you to my million dollar goal and there was a flyer that came in the mail about a seminar being held in Miami and I was in Provo, Utah I literally got in my car with my roommates I was still single at the time we drove to Miami to this center was a builder seminar really wasn't about it was kind of like the wrong seminar but but I what I was trying to prove to myself is I was willing to do whatever I was going to willing to drive wherever it was to find the information that I wanted for myself is everything going okay pace I see you're there are you yeah everything's amazing I'm taking notes on my heart right now this is awesome so I know you know it's a good guest when I am like glued to my chair and I just am taking everything in I'm learning as much and I'm feeling the energy as much as everybody else so thank you so much well I just want you to know I know what it's like to to hunger for your dream and sometimes things get in the way of that hunger which we're going to talk about here today my first million I made my first million in you know less than five years graduating from BYU nobody how no one do would hire me so I went to my dream I went to my plan B you know I sent out 30 letters to 30 largest corporations in the world general foods general electric general meals general anybody I get general foods and I these 30 letters came back and they're all rejected I got rejected by the best and I was desperately disappointed because I thought I would do they like my dad I would go work for somebody else and make a nice career and then invest on the side that's how I was going to make my million I was going to invest on the side and then when there then when the side became the whole thing there's no there's no way to would hire me I had to decide what to do was I going to go take a lesser job or did I really want to pursue my dream and I remember looking at those 30 letters on my my bad those I spread out the 30 rejection letters on my bad I looked at the signature all signed real signatures on 30 letters and I said to myself who who are these people really who are these people that wrote this rejection letter to me they don't know me they don't know what what I'm capable of doing one day I'll make more money than all 30 of these people combined I was pissed I was challenged I was I was going to say let me show you and that's a trait of an entrepreneur but an entrepreneur is challenged they can either go back to the employee world and the employee world is the world of safety and security making small little money over long periods of time having this I mean the security of that safe job or you can go into the entrepreneurial world which is the world of freedom and freedom what does that mean freedom means freedom to do what you want to do when you want to do it where you want to do it with whom you want to do it for as long as you want to do it for as how much you you want to achieve for it and you have this why and you have this move this motivation in your just so you know you're just you're just driven and I know what I know what that's like to be driven right so I made my first million because I chose the entrepreneurial world and I said I'm going to go and I'm going to be embarrassed in front of all my peers who these 60, 70 guys and gals who graduate from NBA class my NBA director called me into his office and said what are you doing we trained you to be a corporate leader and now you're going to become an entrepreneur and you're going to build your own business from scratch and and you're going to work for nothing you know you're you're an embarrassment to our to our school and I had to take that shame that you know that pointing in my face what's the matter with you and I had to choose my dream and so my dream was I'd read the book think and go rich have you read it have you memorized those 13 principles you need to you need to memorize them because they're part of freedom and freedom means you get to do what you want to do but freedom also means the freedom to sacrifice the freedom to put up with people's laughing at you the freedom to fail the freedom to be disappointed there's a price for freedom and it's expensive because you have to give up all your illusions about what it's going to take and you have to be the person who was willing to do whatever it takes even if it means the disapproval of other people as a book written by a Japanese fellow is called the the the the the freedom to be disliked you know and frankly to be an entrepreneur you're going to be disliked why not because you're a bad person because people just don't understand you they don't they don't get it six out of seven people are all around you are employees and they bought into a totally different path some of you are marrying to people like that and your father's a law and mothers and law and fathers and mothers and all the family around you most of them are employee minded you were trained by employees in schools these were all employees their teachers their employees they're getting salaries and they don't get you they don't understand you and they dislike you because they think you're about riches and making money and all that ooh icky icky stuff and frankly the making the million wasn't for me about you know it was about getting a nice stuff and nice cars and nice houses and all that's yeah yeah nice clothing and everything else but it's also about the freedom that I had to learn to give to share and to love and to to be a better person so this freedom you're choosing for yourself is expensive and you have to be willing to take the the brunt of other people's conversations about you because they just don't get you and they don't get us as entrepreneurs we're just one of the most misunderstood people and the most essential people to the to the to the society and yet we we seem like we're crazy a little bit out out out of our minds you go work you know why don't you should go get a job go get a job and we go my job is to give other people jobs that's what my job is I want to be the boss I want to do what I want to do so the the the took me five years to pursue that dream and it was tough it was hard and then finally I cracked I got over as they say I got over and then I started writing books about it and I started teaching and I found that the fixing of a real estate was good and it and helped me made me money but it was kind of empty kind of like when you buy a brand new car and it gets a scratch on it and you go oh shoot you know and you go and it gets a little old and then you have to take it in to get fixed and after a while the the shiny stuff the shiny stuff that of riches they just get kind of dull after a while and as they say I know that money does as though as the humor said I know that money doesn't bring happiness but I want to find out for myself so and and I want to find out for myself and I found out for myself the money doesn't bring happiness an occasional smile but what brings happiness is sharing and giving and teaching and that's for me that's what work now some people they get a buzz out of the real estate they fix it up and they they love the renting part they love the making an old house look shiny and brand new and and they and that's maybe that's their purpose in life that's just what's what they do but my purpose in life was not real estate it got me to where I could do what I love to do which is to teach to talk and to speak and to share and to grow and to inspire and to motivate and those kinds of things and I said I said many times I'd rather fix up a human being any day than a piece of real estate so I don't do a lot of real estate these days this is what I do I talk to you do your real estate do whatever makes you happy you know find find your purpose in life but for me it was it was real estate and it got me going and then I started teaching and then we started doing seminars and we taught millions and millions and millions of people all around the world you know we our summer business kind of died in 2011 because of things that happened in 2008 2009 then I went around the world I spoke all over I spoke in China in Japan and Hong Kong and Italy and UK and South Africa and Russia and all over the world and then COVID killed that and so for the last year we've been bought a new home or fixing it up thought and golf course is beautiful it's not it's not huge it's not it's not as huge as the one I just left in California which was massive and extremely expensive and two expensive but it outweigh anyway the bottom line was once you discover what your purpose is go do it you know do it and people ask me all the time I'm when am I gonna retire I'm never gonna retire this this if I can sit in my home in my office with the world behind me to speak to you why why why did anybody not want to do that now I get to go shopping with my wife this afternoon you know we can we can have fun and all the kinds of things so what I'm trying to get to is the earth they're three skills of the system skills people skills and mindset skills and which is more important really when you think about it truly which is the most important which is the thing that most people want the most though the what people want the most are the system skills and they what they say teach me the system skills teach me how to find those deals teach me how to find those those techniques you know teach me what's the new way of making money and this is what they pay big money for everybody wants the system skills but the mindset skills that's where it's at if you don't have the mindset skills I don't it doesn't matter how many system skills I teach you I can teach you all of my 50 nothing down techniques and so you understand them intimately but if you can't do them if you can't get yourself off your butt and go out into the world and do it then the system skills are worthless the mindset skills are everything you know the people say it's 80 20 you know it's not 80 20 it's not 20 percent of the things you do give you 80 percent of yourselves is 1 percent of the things you think give you 99 percent of your results and those without 1 percent is extremely important so we're gonna have a chance to talk about those a little bit here today we're gonna talk about people's skills which is how do you persuade people you know you got to persuade the sellers you got to persuade bankers you got to persuade your partners and your and your suppliers and all the people are helping you create your fortune you're gonna create all kinds of teams around you kind of like places created all teams around you right as part of this coaching program that you have but you know you can hire people you really don't have to be all that good with people frankly you just have to be willing to delegate to people let somebody else was good with people let them go do the talking you can hire it you can you can hire the system skills you can hire somebody go fix up a piece of real estate you can hire people to go find real estate you know well during my summer was during one of my years of really a heavy buying I went to my master's class at BYU during the summertime with a hundred young bucks and gals are just ready to rip the world apart now they're in their middle between the two years and they want to go get a job and I get some some education and some experience right so I went to them and I talked to the group and I said I want to hire a bird dog for me anybody want to be my bird dog and they go on what does a bird dog a bird dog is a person who finds deals and I'll teach you how to find bargain properties until exactly how there are hundreds of them all around us here you're good to be my bird dog and I'm going to pay you zero oh but if we find a deal and I make a profit from it I'll give you a percentage of that profit so at the end of the summer if you're really good bird dog you'll make twice five times more than anybody else in this room who's going to go get a job you want to let me teach you how to be a bird dog so literally during that school that summertime I hired Rex and Rex was my bird dog and he went look so you don't you don't even need to do this system stuff you can just teach it to somebody else or give him the book say here learn this I'm gonna thank you my bird dog and send you out in the world to find deals so he found deals he found deals and he made much more money than he would have made any other way but you know what he got it from it as well he got the experience of how to be a real estate investor and how to find those deals as we know today that's that's kind of hard to do money's everywhere finding money's nothing finding deals is harder these days right so anyway I'm trying to say is you can you can hire and find other people but all boils down to you and you're the driver you're the symphony or a conductor you have to tell people what you want where you want it why you want it with whom you want how much you want you got to tell people what your vision is this is what I want now you all track to you people who will be part of your team they will have skills maybe you don't have but it all boils down to you and if you don't have the mindset skills if you feel like you're not up to up to par somehow or other you got a fear that holds you back that's pretty expensive fear isn't it yeah so kind of work on that and you've got to take your attitude vitamins every day what only my attitude vitamins it means you have to work on yourself every day you have to learn grow stretch yourself because everything you want is about that far outside your comfort zone until you get outside your comfort zone and usually the boundary of that comfort zone is fear and that boundary is hard to cross for a lot of people they want to be comfortable they say they want to be rich or they want to be free they want to be a millionaire but it's all of that stuff is outside your comfort zone so you literally must face your fear you must because on the other side of every fear is freedom as Marilyn Ferguson said the other side of every fear is freedom so first of all you say you said what kind of fears are holding me back what are your fears since we don't have a PowerPoint let's go this way all right that's this is called to adapt to the circumstances so I'm going to have you tell me what your fears are all right so hey robber while you're while you're there for just a second I had a student of mine his name is Aaron Leitz and Aaron Leitz sends me he sends me a message and he had a list of fears written out on this message nice and you he that list of fears is actually what inspired me to have you cut it was so weird how the timing worked out I got this message from Aaron Leitz three days before I met you in Key West and I had no idea you were going to be talking about fear and so do you want me to have them list all their fears in the side chat where do you want me to do there um let we're going to vote actually the way we do okay I'll let you take it over that's awesome um we all when we think about the things that slow us down that's I want you to kind of identify well let's see why do I hesitate why do I why do I always you know come closer and then I back away why do I procrastinate what terrifies me if if the fear is a terrifying fear then what is it that terrifies you if you could you know literally describe it you know what it would be it's usually going to fall into one of these six areas which I'll identify for you but it might it might be fall outside of that but usually it's it's the fear of failure it's what happens if I fail and for many people that's it's very scary because they failed and they've got scars and they don't want to fail they want to lose again and so it's it might be a fear of failure for some of you it might be the fear of what I embarrassment so to be embarrassed means you know you're doing something foolish in front of people and you're making a fool of yourself and people laugh some people who have a fear of public speaking they try and then they appear and they blob it and flub it and they they get this terrified fear of public speaking and they started when they were in like public school and they tried to do a public speaking class or the university or something and they blew it and they've been afraid of fear of public speaking ever since and I love those fears those are easy to fix because it's all about a memory it's about expan experience that you've had and you can change that memory and people say you can't change your past because past is the past I'm sorry you can you can change that you remember the past because the way you remember it is not the way it really happened anyway because there are all kinds of other people's experiences all around you so the way it really really happened is just the way you remember it and you can fix your the way you remember it by just scrambling it up and I don't have time to go into that but I want I have a seminar and I say who's afraid of public speaking and I get these people raise their hands kind of tentatively and I say come on up in front of the room and I bring them up the room and they are terrified and it's it's fun actually because I know how easy it is to fix and they don't they're terrified and I get them to stand facing away from everybody so they want to look at the audience which terrifies them and I taken through a simple NLP experience some of you studied LLP before and literally within a couple of minutes they're turning around looking at the audience and talking like I'm talking to you just talking one to one just and it's stunning to see what I'm trying to say is sometimes your fears come from an experience that you had that now you keep reliving in the same way over and over again and therefore as you look into the future and imagine yourself doing that thing all you have is all the past memory of you being terrified about that experience and as you look into the future you just see the as far as you can see in the future is that is being terrified by that same experience what if you could fix the past so that when you look into the future you don't see that terrified experience anymore you don't see that failure of that embarrassment that rejection you know the the A stands for abandonment that means formal that means fear of being left behind fear of missing out fear of fear of not being picked you know you're real on a team where there was two sign upsides I don't know if you know what that's like but I know what that's like in public school where they picked everybody but me until the very last I was the kid the last kid said pick kid and abandonment means just like everybody's running off ahead and why is it everybody's making all this money they're how come everybody's so successful I'm stuck you know you and especially in a group like this has hundreds of people in it you got some of them are just killing it and others of over going you know I just can't seem to get myself off the dime what the heck is matter with me and that's the fear of seeing Russian everybody all these successful ones off ahead of you you're gonna grow in your own path you're gonna take your own time it's gonna be your way you're gonna get there but if you're a fear of being abandoned then that's that's when you start talking to yourself you start beating yourself up does it do you any good to beat yourself up zero good your critical voice is beat you up constantly is that do you know what I'm talking about here so that critical voice is not your friend doesn't want you to win so don't listen to it or if you do listen to it recognize that you know what is the what do you what are you good are you trying to accomplish mr. critical voice Mrs. critical voice what are you trying to do how are you trying to help me I'm not trying to help you but if you were well how would you know I'm trying to teach you to to be you know to get get busy you know what whatever critical voice is part of the things you have to overcome so fear of abandonment fear of rejection yeah it's a biggie we hate to get rejected so we imagine ourselves going up to talk so many and they reject us how does that feel well it depends on whether you're an entrepreneur or not if you're an entrepreneur you go watch me meaning if you reject me I want you to know that that doesn't hurt me it actually empowers me now if I'm if I was an employee minded person and you rejected me I would think it was my fault and I would blame myself and I would hunker down in my little secure inner circle zone my my zone of my comfort zone I would hunker down in there and I wouldn't you know venture out across the wall of fear into the the danger zone see that's the way employees think everything outside their comfort zone is the danger zone well you and I know it's not the danger zone it's actually the opportunity zone because that's where all the opportunity is so we think it's a green zone we think it's great we think it's we know we want to go out there we want to be challenged Alan you know we want to be pushed you know when somebody tells us we can't do it we want to go watch me but if you're an employee minded person somebody says you can't do it you believe them you go yeah you're right I suck there's no way it's no way I could do it you know you're right yeah so I'll just stay here and make small small small small money for the rest of my life going through five or 10 different jobs and starting at the beginning of all those jobs and ending up at the end of my life with really nothing yeah that's the life I choose inside my comfort zone now we don't choose that life we choose the life of freedom which means the freedom to fail the freedom to be rejected the freedom to be abandoned the freedom to be embarrassed the freedom to be rejected to be to to fail and the freedom to succeed you know sometimes people are afraid because they're afraid what if I do succeed well I lose all my friends yeah you will you will yeah but these are my friends you know well the average of your 10 best friends is how much you earn so is that the kind of friends you want around you know you want to hang with pace he's the friends you want to have because he makes 100 times more than the people that around you you're so-called friends so yeah you're going to lose them but it doesn't mean you can't see him from time at time but you're going to get new friends and they're going to be the ones that push you and stretch you and encourage you and say out of boy out of girl they'd be kind of people that are around you you want to have a round you rather than the friends the so-called friends that go what are you doing what's the matter why don't you go get a job what's a what what yeah come on I mean let's just go have a drink kill what are you talking about you don't want those kind of friends do you so it's one of these six or five one of these five or maybe it's your own you know version of of those fears generally speaking it's one of these five and then how did you learn which of these five you would identify with how did you learn it did you learn it by just osmosis like being in society sometimes we just pick up attitudes from the environment from where we live and the people around us kind of seem to be kind of afraid to take risks so we kind of pick that up just going out by like by osmosis or was it because of one bad experience or several bad experiences that created this intense emotional experience whereas just thinking about going knocking on somebody's door and ask him what their property is for sale for and we're talking to a banker maybe you just got turned down by a banker and they just snivel at you and you just like well I'm never going to do that again I'm never going to borrow money from anybody else again I'm going to make my own money and I'm going to do it by myself and you can't do that can you have to borrow money got to borrow lots of it you got to borrow money from people with the money you got to borrow their cash their credit their collateral their their their their you got to borrow the the four C's now pay reference refer to an experience that I had at the beginning of my career when I wrote nothing down a proven program that shows you how to buy real estate with a little no money down which was the experience I had with the previous five years my first five years of to make my first million and learning the next the techniques the systems of making money the techniques and strategies which is what people really think they need and I what every seminar you can think of and I took lots and outs and I but when it boiled down to it I wrote my book I got a lot of people would laugh at me and bear us me because you say you can't do that realtor's would they say you can't buy property with nothing that was the matter with you and I'm either going to believe what they say because how can I believe what they say because I just done it I just did it it just made my first million by buying dozens of properties with nothing down using my techniques so I don't I don't believe when somebody tells me I can't be done especially when I've done it but I did get lots of media and I remember I have to go to the media and I have to talk to the media to to promote my book and they sent me all around the United States and New York and San Francisco and Los Angeles and Cincinnati and Miami and I'm on television shows or radio shows and newspaper interviews magazine interviews and I'm trying to get my message out there and my message has to go through the media and what is in we all not all of us but the media as you know it's fake news and what because they get to translate what is going on in the world through their world view and so now I'm talking to somebody who is an employee and a skeptical one at that on how to buy real estate with a little or no money down and they just think I'm out of my mind crazy and so I remember when my editor called me from Simon and Schuster Sam Morrison great wonderful man and he was the editor of a lot of biggies a lot of the big books Nickerson's book and Lowry's book a lot of them I was lucky to be one of his authors and he said to me I written a book for the Wall Street an ad for the Wall Street Journal and here's the Wall Street Journal here's the ad here's the headline and I remember I'm standing in my room listening on the phone is my in in in Provo Utah and my editor from New York's column he says this is the ad we're going to run the Wall Street Journal and I said that doesn't sound very good that just really isn't not that sexy you know what no one is going to really believe that you know it's just kind of a boring it's boring you know I want to get my message out it's got to be a headline it grabs them you know those of a certain marketing we know how important the headline is and I just sensed it was the wrong headline and he says well what you know I've been doing this for 50 years Robert I've run thousands and thousands of full page ads and this is what I think will work what do you think will work and I remember saying to him we got to prove it we got to show that this works we got a you know you I got to like send me to any city you know like take away my wallet give me a hundred dollar bill and 72 hours I'll buy an excellent piece of real estate using none of my own money and he says can you do that I've never done it before seem like a pretty sexy thing to say I remember standing really doubtful right there at the moment and I'm thinking to myself could I really do that and I'm my my whole body is going no way no way and I found myself doing what entrepreneurs do they lead they jump and then they figure it out it's one of our strengths we solve problems that other people can't solve because we go further and we jump we leap and I said yeah I could do that and he goes if you can do that I'm gonna put that in the Wall Street Journal and he did which drove it to number one on the New York Times bestseller list and I started running it for my seminar ads and in Los Angeles we're around the full page ad in Los Angeles Times send me to any city take away my wallet give me a hundred dollar bill and 72 hours I'll buy an excellent piece of real estate using none of my own money LA Times calls me Robert we don't believe it I don't think you can do it we choose the city and the time and I'm gonna give you a reporter to be with you to watch to make sure you're legal and we met at the Marietta Hotel at LAX and Flutus San Francisco and he gave me five $20 bills and I gave him my wallet and as I say the rest is history I bought seven properties in 57 hours and gave him a $20 bill in exchange in change was I terrified oh for the first 24 hours I was terrified and I just had to keep moving and I get rejection I got thrown out of a real estate office thrown out with the reporter by my side so yeah I'm terrified so something's not working what do you do well you either go deeper or you go to the next option which is that is what I did and I don't have time to go into the full detail you're except to say well I'm when I'm done with that experience I realized what I could do I had to figure it out and so I did other challenges the book I want to give you is send me to any unemployment line let me select someone who's broke out of work and discouraged in two days time I'll teach him the secrets of wealth in 90 days they'll be back on their feet with 5,000 cash in the bank never to set foot in an unemployment line again I just talked to one of the gals that I picked off that unemployment line in 1984 and they made their $5,000 in 90 days starting with no job from the unemployment lines of St. Louisville Zurrey no job remember that's 1986 so what do we 35 years ago she called me three days ago she's been living in Australia she's been all over the world she lived in France for a bunch of years she lived in England she she's wonderfully yeah it changed her life it changed her life and I get to see 35 years later how a life gets totally transformed so I did I do these crazy challenges and what I'm trying to challenge you to do is to challenge yourself over the next 90 days to make something amazing happen to challenge yourself to step outside your comfort zone figure out whatever fear is holding you back and ask yourself the question how much has this fear cost me let's just go back five years we could go back over the entire life and the cost of your fear would be incalculable but let's just go back over the last five years what is your fear cost you and let's put it into money terms because it's cost relationships it's cost health a lot of other non money things that your fear has cost you but just in monetary numbers and let's put that in I don't know if you have a chat here of pace but I'd like you to people to to type in if they have a chat do you have a chat you haven't been seeing the chat the whole time I haven't been seeing it no actually it doesn't I'm not I'm not exaggerating you've had at least 10,000 comments I am not joking people it it is insane I'm trying not to interject but people are losing their minds over this oh no guys thank you guys I can't I can't see it um maybe there's just uh oh there there okay let's look okay there we go oh there we go I pushed the button there we go and now I can see okay good tell me no and I don't want you to say words like billion sorry that doesn't work for me I want a specific number I want one I want the one million two hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and nineteen dollars you know I want a specific number and I want you to type into the chat everybody how much over the last five years has your fear cost you literally money wise okay good I at 1.2 2.6 10 million 250 thousand 550 thousand yeah there we go she's there you go to one hundred and twenty one million there we go to 25 thousand you know one million seven hundred dollars okay good or maybe that was 700 million two million three million four hundred fifty six thousand dollars good great hundred fifty thousand dollars yeah your fear is just a thought isn't it it's just a thought thoughts as you read in thinking grow rich thoughts are things they have results when you think a fearful thought it has a consequence it actually costs you money you say well I don't say any money coming out of my bank account well you said don't say any money going into it if you have the fear but let's just pretend you don't say any money going into your bank account okay let's go out five years from now and let's ask how much money if you decide to keep that fear maybe you're afraid to drop it maybe you're even afraid to think about it maybe I know what when you're afraid is something sometimes it's so immense for you you can't even believe that it would be possible for you not to have that fear because it's so so much a part of you right and so you go no I'm shy I know I know I couldn't do that technique no it's just not who I am well who you are as you get older like I am you learn you you grow as a human being you grow out of lots of stuff and you grow into lots of other things and what you think you are today you're not feeling the same way about yourself in the future so you are not fixed so if you're a fixed in the fear like you just can never get rid of it like the fear of rejection oh that's just that's life everybody who were John I hate rejection right oh you have to you have to learn how to love it you have to learn how to well maybe not love it but accept it and say that's part of the price I pay right so let's go out five years from now and not drop the fear that you have identified have you given your fear a name since your fear has cost you so much what would you name him or her how would you name her him what what's pussy is somebody since they're okay dream killer okay sob SOB you sound up yeah there we go poor boy oh nice I like that one Judy could be a devil all right whatever your fear is it'd be kind of interesting but whenever that fear came up you could go I get you I got it I get who you are now so let's suppose you don't drop your fear today so my goal is that some of you today are going to decide it's just too expensive and from this day forward that fear that's been holding you back it's going to shrink it's going to get less tell her come on one day soon where you look back on the day before today and you're going to go can't believe that was me I can't believe that that was a fear that I had I'm not afraid of that I mean I was just well how silly was it but right now it's not silly is it it's real it's intense it's so don't drop that fear if you're an entrepreneur you'll you'll say watch me right but no let's just leave your fear for now and keep it for the next five years keep it how much will it cost you in the next five years in terms of money I want you to actually put into the chat the amount of money you think you imagine you will lose because you kept the fear you hung onto it you didn't you didn't fix it you didn't change it but you you kept it for five years how much money will you lose because the fear got in the way so yeah here we go 10 million 11 million five million it's usually in the millions yep 60 million 32 million 30 million yeah 99 99 until all way to the very end 30 100 billions at least I couldn't even imagine it says 30 million fear is a terrible investment says somebody what a great quote tears a who said that tears a fear is a terrible investment fear is a terrible excuse me I love quotes I'm gonna write that one down and I'd like to be able to quote somebody so whoever said that put your name in the chat there I want to be able to quote you Zane is that was it Zane who said that Zane Rogers is that true Zane long term and then I'll be able to say as I've always said and then I'll quote myself but anyway so now take the two amounts the one the the losses from the past five years which were actual losses these were not imaginary losses they were actual real in the bank losses because you didn't do certain things or didn't take certain actions the fear cost you real money now going into the future it's imaginary money but if you if you hang on to the fear five years shall now you look back on today having not fixed anything and it will be real money that you lose so who is the biggest loser in the group here I heard somebody wrote you know 50 billion dollars that's what I call the biggest loser that means a person who if they don't fix it will be the biggest loser so add those two together the fear of the last five years expands the cost and the fear of the the next five years add them together add them together now what kind of pile do we have okay now if you don't change it take all of that money which is not imaginary it's real hundred dollar bills stacked into a very very very large pile and take out some gasoline and pour it generously all over that pile of money and light a match to it and watch it burn because that's the cost of fear as Zane said it's a terrible investment and watch all out go up because frankly the last five years you already burned that up you didn't literally burn it with fire but it's gone and so this fear is too expensive it's too expensive people say well it's just a thought what is it it just a thought is it yeah I had this yeah I want to go out and you know look search in real estate today but you know I'm gonna put that off till tomorrow I'm gonna procrastinate it procrastination what is procrastination and it's just one of these fears just or are all of them combined where we put things off why because fear so procrastination I'll talk I'll do that tomorrow that's just an invisible fear that doesn't seem to have a consequence to it but what if every time you thought I'll do that tomorrow which is an a procrastination thought or a hidden fear of thought what if you went to work this morning and you had like $10,000 in your bank account when you got when you check it out just before you left I want you to like to see those round number so you go to work your investments whatever you do you come back that night yeah let's just check what my bank account looks like you go check it and it's $9,100 and you go well I didn't spend any money today I didn't have any automatic bill paid today where where did this $900 go what what this is terrible and just by you thinking that thought your bank account was subtracted by $100 and you began to realize that your every thought is actually linked to your bank account and you go well this this this that's just not fair $8,900 down by another hundred bucks because you thought a negative thought you thought a fear of thought a procrastination thought a isn't that terrible thought right and you go what this is this this ridiculous down to $8,800 now you mean every time I think a negative thought my bank account well it's not your current bank account it's actually your future bank account and five years from now that future bank account evolved filled with all the money you could have had is reduced by $100 every time you think a negative thought and you go how do I fix this could Qing oh that's a positive thought it adds $100 back into your future bank account because it's a it's like how can we fix this how can we solve this and and you go you mean when I think a positive thought my bank account actually goes up well and your future bank account does because every time you think those kind of thoughts it's instant into your future bank account which you can't see yet but it's there and you need to have the faith that it is there and the way you think has direct consequence positive and negative to the way your future life looks like and you go I think I need to learn how to change my mindset because my mindset is pretty skeptical and it's it's you know people are always trying to rip me off and then it's it's not abundant it's actually the opposite of abundance whatever that word is scarcity it's scarcity whenever I think a scarcity thought my future gets scarce whenever I think an abundant thought my future gets abundant it actually is immediate now too because you only have time to change your life now now there is no past well on a second I think I'm still there I'm I still there I'm getting messages that maybe I'm not on any longer but so just want to make sure um yes you're solid there you are so you're now well it's so important the past that you've already lived the only thing the only way you can change it is to reimagine the experiences you've already had and to learn from them and gain wisdom the only way you can do anything about the future you can imagine it but one of you are imagining it right now so you can't change the future in the future you have to change it right now is that the only time you have any power right now so right now I need to think my thoughts more clearly I need to think more abundantly I need to think more positively I need to be a better me I need to think better now right now because this is the only time that God has given me any power if I'm afraid of something I'm afraid of it was because of the past something that happened in my past some rejection I received or some failure I experienced but if I'm remembering it now and feeling bad about myself now because of something stupid I did back then then it affects my now so I have to fix my past and I have to learn as quickly as I can to laugh faster when you have a disaster because we're all going to have disasters I don't have time to go through my litany of stupidity it's a long long long list it's experience it's my experience of the stupid stupid mistakes I made oh catastrophically stupid the only way I can think about it now is to go well that gave me experience that gave me wisdom I learned from those lessons not gonna do that again it drove me to my knees you know that's what that's what it did all those catastrophically stupid things drove me to my knees you know what you know what money is such a drug it's the worst drug of all because when you have a lot of it you start to think that you did it but you earned it that was your smarts and your hard work your risk taking and all the stuff that you did it starts to go to your head and you start to think how cool you are and you drive this nice car and you're you're cool people look at you differently you know they they you know and you feel differently and you feel this sense of pride like yeah what don't look what I was at mom I'm one of the one percent you know look at look at me and that's very dangerous it's very dangerous having been there done that been there been that and when when you get a check for half a million dollars for from a royalty from a book you wrote or a million dollars from a book you wrote a million dollars for a book I hadn't written yet because my fame was so big that the publishers would write me a million dollar check in advance but that goes to your head let me tell you and then I make some stupid mistakes and I start making mistakes like I think I can't fail I can't make mistakes and and then you you make some mistakes that cause you big big losses and you go oh oh oh you know and it it drove me to my knees and I had to realize okay I realize when you finally realize that all of it's a gift anyway even though how hard you work and why is your the story of the farmer out in the middle of the field and he's looking at all this grain it's beautiful flowing ripe crop this grain and he's just wow look what I did and the preacher comes by and and stops his car and it yells out over to the farmer it's a nice crop of you and the Lord have here together and the farmer yells back you should have seen it when the Lord had it all by himself and we chuckled and we laughed but the farmer thought he grew that crop but he didn't make the rain he didn't cause the sun he didn't create the seed he only did one percent of it and thought it was all his 99% all behind the scenes hidden by all kinds of invisible forces that support and help us and if we take credit for the one percent we think we did it all eventually at least in my case it all gets taken away and you should have seen it when Robert Allen had it all by himself there was nothing left and there was three million dollars in debt and I had to dig myself out of it or I did dig out of it on my knees frankly so you're young and you're exciting and you're going to buy all the fancy toys and just realize that that's not where it's at you gotta find out for yourself right so go find out for yourself but then what when you find out is that when when you help somebody when you give the way you inoculate inoculate yourself for money is you give the first 10% you give it away to wherever wherever your field inspired and motivated him to give you make a hundred thousand dollars give the first 10% away not the last 10% I was always a last giver so I give a little always always was a giver but I was a last giver and I was small giver and need you to be a full first giver as soon as you get come from the the title company with the check right in front of you there give away 10% of it immediately and watch what happens first of all it inoculates you from the money money is a disease and when you give the first 10% away it inoculates you you don't catch the disease because you realize it's not my money I'm gonna where do you God where do you want me to give it I want you to know a real giver I saw a real giver myself in April when we were giving money to a charity of charity vision as one of my charities favorite charities and we were raising money at fundraising event in Kiwis Florida with about 75 people with how much money can we raise you know the night before we're brainstorming how much money can we raise I don't know we were thinking the biggest number we could think would be a hundred thousand dollars the next day somebody led our fundraising I spoke first but the guy who led it was amazing and he said I'll put in the first 50 grand would anybody like to match me and pace pace stepped up first I'll match you 50 thousand dollars do you know why I'm on this call here with pace right now because whatever he wants me to do I like this guy he's a giver and I saw it with my own eyes and I want all of you to to model what he did find some place to give and give the first 10% of your money and then the money doesn't it's not a disease to you it's actually a gift to you and you start to give it away and then you start to get more and you have to give 10% of that and it get the numbers get bigger and bigger and bigger and I can't tell you the story that or I have to learn that lesson but it started when there was nothing left for me I was out done three million dollars in debt never gonna get back and my spiritual advisor challenged me to give and I said you're crazy you crazy I don't have anything to give I'm millions in debt it's gonna take me my entire life to pay off this debt and he said you make a little money give some away try it and as they say the rest is history it's just the checks the 10% got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger week after week after week after week I'm not saying that'll happen for you I'm not saying that giving is giving people say why do I give it I don't want to give it that's subtract I subtracts from my goal my goal is to be a millionaire so why would I give a hundred thousand dollars when I could keep the hundred thousand and half the million I'd be there I'd reach my goal's sooner and that's called scarcity thinking that's when you think giving is subtraction when giving is multiplication exponential multiplication times to the to the nth power and most people have trouble giving that trouble I did I did I did till I had nothing left and I was the farmer standing in his field and the grand was barren and there was no crop because the seeds I planted were my seeds and they didn't work right and I finally said to say okay it's your universe okay you know where all the don't wanters are you know where all the the partners that would join with me are you know all the you know where the where the goal is you know where all the opportunities are heavenly father god how do you refer to her point I'm trying to make is be a giver and be part of the team that gives and just watch what happens so we're supposed to be talking about fear and you got me on all kinds of tangents here what I'm trying to say is your fear is too expensive it's cost you millions maybe billions if you don't if you don't fix it five years from now it'll be literal money that you literally pour a can of gas on and burn it's too expensive figure out how you got it and get rid of it one day you'll look back on it and laugh you'll think how silly was I right now it's real it's very very real one day it will not be real it'll be like what how did I spend 40 years of my life thinking that way for me it was the fear of fear of the lack of approval that people wouldn't like what I said or the way I said it had a hard time selling couldn't sell because I would teach teach teach and then I would get to the sell part couldn't get a person to give me a dollar it was just terrible so that was a people skill I did not have so I had to hire a guy to teach my seminars we do millions of dollars for the summers every year and his fee it it cost me this is how I know cost one point three million dollars to pay west to go around the United States and do the previous seminars for my five day well-threatry five thousand dollar well-threatry and he would have to go sell it and I couldn't sell it I was the guy who wrote it I created it it was my thing couldn't sell it why because I was terrified of what people would think of me as this pushy salesmany guy and I just was stuck with that thought I don't want to look like that but I didn't have to look like that I could find my way of doing it which I have now figured out figured out my way but it took me 50 50 years to not be able to sell from a stage or anywhere really afraid to ask for the money afraid what they would what would they think of me if I asked for the money silly stupid do you have much money that you might have cost me that cost me tens of millions of dollars so expensive just don't do that right I wish there was a shorter way maybe that maybe that was how long it was going to take me but I think I could have learned sooner but you know what I was terrified to even think that I could fix that and so it took it took life to force me died okay I got to figure out how to learn it and we one day maybe we'll have a seminar on persuasion and how I learned how I learned to fix that it was big for me my friends we could talk a lot here today about your fear it's just too expensive to keep you were born for better things you know you were you were destined for important things if you weren't you would not be here on this call right now you'd be off playing golf or suntanning or something you sacrificed to be here on a Saturday and so did I why because this is what I do so sacrifice for me this is what I do and you're here because that's is what you do you have a yearning to learn to be better to succeed you can either have an an indarkened desire or an enlightened desire an indarkened desire is where you want to make the money so you can look better question I want to ask you why do you want to be rich why like I said there's a couple of different reasons and one of them is frankly if I can be honest for myself I didn't have any desire to give away money when I wanted to get rich I wanted to give me a millionaire for me and it was it's called what I call me reasons me reasons me me I want the car okay I got it I got my Porsche I got it I want my nice house you got it you got it the house that we built was a 10,000 square foot mountain home and Sundance Skay Resort one of the most beautiful properties you've ever seen and the right right look overlooking Stewart Falls in the middle of the pristine beautiful forest and an avalanche took it out almost got my wife destroyed it gone now talk about driving me to my knees drove me to bankruptcy because the insurance wouldn't pay for the insurance why do you pay in for insurance it's for safety right for protection they found a little clause in there contract that said an act of God doesn't mean you can get your insurance paid so we had to fight them for years to get just some of our money back but by the time we got some money back the bank had taken my property because I put a large loan on it and to buy some other property with them took me down took me took me out so I had to learn from that experience is that you know I there are certain reasons why you want to do what you want to do eventually it may not be now it might be just into the first part of your life and then the second part of your life I'm in my second part of my life my first part of my life is where you're hungry you're young you're fighting you're trying to prove yourself and you're trying to be better and you're you're trying to take the whole enchilada you well you want look at the look of this world incredible world you want it all right and then the second half of life you go did I give anything today did I did I did I make anybody's life better today and you shift and you're just you shift you're maybe you're not there yet you probably aren't but I'm trying to tell you what's coming and what's coming eventually the toys will lose their luster and you'll go at least this is what happened for me I get a letter from somebody and they go Robert your book changed my life thank you so much this is the home we're living in now my kids get to go to better universities better colleges we live in a better neighborhood we our life is better thank you Robert for this book and how much they cost for the book maybe 20 bucks and and I go wow thank you do you know that letter he said it changed his life that letter changed my life because I thought I don't want more letters like that when you change a life you change a generation of lives a generation that person and that person's family or friends or associates all around them on and on till eventually you're forgotten your influence might have gotten them to get things started but by the time 10 15 35 years goes by you realize the impact the little simple book you wrote at a time when you were in a very immature stage of your life just wanting to be a millionaire and now 35 40 50 years later I get to go to countries all around the world I get to go to Japan become one of my business partner in Japan takes me to dinner to actually to lunch and he looks out over the park in the middle of Tokyo and he goes I used to live down there I said what are you talking about you know I don't expect him to be homeless and he goes I was homeless down there homeless and an executive who was also homeless said to me you need to read more books I go to a used bookstore because I can't afford a book and I go to a used bookstore and I find a copy of Okamanteoja which is the name of my book in Japanese the the millionaire the million the billionaire is what it's called and he goes I read Okamanteoja he says it changed my life in the used bookstore I needed a buy it but I couldn't afford it so I went to another book in the bookstore it was cheaper and I took and I switched the the price tags so I can get this book you're book cheaper and so he goes now I see him now 30 years later successful owns real estate I see his real estate I actually stay in his real estate when I go to Tokyo this is a guy who was homeless and I go to Italy and the number one teacher of wealth in Italy Alphio he I'm on his board of directors now why because he came to my house in 2006 and he said I want to be like you I want to teach like you you know of course you've been to everybody else this summer too he's been to Tonys and everybody else you can imagine because he was hungry and now I'm on his board I'm only on only one of those guys this time was board of directors so and I get to teach his people all of Italy I get to teach those people now I go to Canada retired cop a cop that was those buys 93 properties in the first year I have to take in my seminar I wasn't even at the seminar it was my employees teaching my seminar and what I'm trying to try to to for you to realize is that if your if your fear stops you from living this life of giving this abundant life where you get to share your message with more and more people your success story your success stories I've been talking about my success stories but you are the one we'll create the success stories and you'll share them with other people and they'll hear your success story and some of them will be turned off by it they'll go oh he's a braggart she's a braggart a few of them will go I want to do what you are doing how can I do it and you say where's the coffee in my book and I'll give it to you for free you go why would you give it for free because that's what givers do they just give them they get it back but you don't give because you want it back you don't pay it forward because you want to get it paid back you don't pay tithing because you want God to bless you that's not the way it works although that's the way most churches teach it you pay you give because you have already been given you have already received it for you to live in this country when billions of other people can't even make a meal today and you live in this country with these opportunities that would drown most people you are you won the lottery hello you won't you don't pay extra so you can get 100 times more you don't pay it to get 100 folded now you don't you've already been 100 folded you give because you are so grateful and so blessed and so thankful and you say where can I give who can I give to how can I make a better the world a better place and then the money ah that's good because you get to give more and your later pace he showed me he was the one who gave first he was a first giver so from this day forward I challenge you that as soon as you make some money sometimes you can't spend equity but when you get those checks flowing in give 10% of them away I don't care where you give it because givers give in fact ask higher power where do you want me to give this there are so many problems in the world you certainly have one or two that really resonate with you so find something that resonates with you and become the main giver and give and watch what happens anyway I'm reading your text coming in yeah don't give to Red Cross a debt debt okay they don't give there give wherever you got to give yeah give wherever you got to give yeah life is good life is good yeah life is terrible too it is just just lots of stuff but life is good on the whole life is good and fear is just too expensive just it's a bad investment don't make it find that experience in your life that might have set you that might have taught you to have that fear and fix it go back to that moment if it's an intense experience where you lost some and you had some problems whether then reorder it just scramble it you know remember it differently you know disconnect from it some of you had experiences like that and so you're in them and even when you think about the fear right now you actually experience it you feel it right now remember how powerful now is when you suck the past failures from the past and bring them into the now that's how powerful it is and you have to disconnect so how do you disconnect an NLP will teach you there's two ways of they're brain things or a couple of ways that you learn from number one is what they call associated in the other way it's called disassociated and associated means you're in it you know you're in it and disassociated means you're observing it you're watching it if you're in it that means you're in it you are there as if it's happening to you right now why is to talk to people who are afraid of public speaking they remember the time when they were 13 years old and they remember what they were wearing and they remember through their own eyes what it felt like to be humiliated and they bring that humiliation into the now every time they think about public speaking and I say we got to fix that and so we go back and we remember it differently remember I remember I remember disassociated remember well let's watch let's watch her over there see what she's like let's run let's run it backwards let's see what that's like she goes I can't run it backwards is she got a powerful imagination just replay it replay it backwards from when you got out of your seat when you came up to the front of the room go backwards you know go back from the beginning all the way to the end backwards and forwards scramble it up think about it differently disassociate for yourself don't be connected to it connection is really painful so she disconnects and then she go I said how do you feel on a scale a one to 10 about that fair public speaking where before they were tens tens elevens twelve's infinity they go oh seven six so let's get it down to two you can remember your life they're totally different way so every experience could be remembered in a totally different meaning in an empowering way so some of us have experiences like that some of us don't our fears were you know layered on or along periods of time and it's just assumed what the society taught us about that getting a job things like now so sometimes you just have to let your dreams be bigger than your fears you must make pace if I'm not mistaken you want me to go is it about now we're about a little bit long now aren't we we went you went six minutes long and it was a great six minutes for a forgive me I thought I was about half an hour the point what let's let's sum it all up life is good pace you're awesome you people are going to change the world imagine it imagine what it would be like to live without that fear what could you get accomplished imagine how good that could be go out five years from now imagine in all five senses taste it touch it smell it feel it here experience it in all five senses because that's where you're going now the how part you know the what part is what you want the how part is how you get there and how that's the hard part that's facing your fears every day and I wish you well everyone I love you uh pace you ought to figure out how we get the copy of the the challenge book to them I I don't know how to do that but I'll I'll send it to you and you can it's a digital book you can send it out to everybody um as my gift and we ever do another one of these I'll take you through the four maps book Robert I am um planning on coming up to a Chris Krohn event with you and I believe we're going to be talking about writing the forward in my book so we will see each other multiple times I am so grateful it is so interesting to see how somebody did something 35 years ago 40 years ago that is impacting people still to this day tremendously it is a domino effect that you create every single day and I you inspire me I hope I mean I have never seen we've had bigger chats I mean we've had bigger lives where we open it up to the general population but today we kept it really private because I wanted to keep it small but I've never seen more comments and more love ever in all of my years of doing this because you are truly truly unbelievable thank you so much hey is there a way to save that chat yeah I will send you the recording and the chat separately thank you and um I will how can people find out more do they go to robber alan dot com or do you have an insight on that okay go to robber down dot com and uh sign up I'll send you some fun stuff um uh if if you if you'll let me know if you sign up today today is the 22nd of May so if you sign up today I'll know you signed up today therefore I will send you a special gift because I get your email addresses for those of you saying today and I'll I can look on the 22nd of May and realize that only those people on that day get the gift so if you if you want to do that go to robber down dot com and and um anyway pace I love you I wonder but I love you have so much fun with your wife shopping thank you robber thank you thank you hey guys how good was that unbelievable if you told me 10 years ago when I read his books that I would be hosting alive with him um I wouldn't believe it I wouldn't believe it and I it's moments like this where you just work really hard and you put your head down and you help as many people as you possibly can and you you look up and there's a man in your path and it's Robert Allen saying how can we connect how can I help you I am blown away blown away and I hope this helped so many people I I'm on the verge of tears and I want to see my students have seen me cry enough times I don't want to cry right now wow guys I promise you that we will do this again um if you are a sub two student we're going to be having Robert back in two months we actually have already booked it um he's going to be doing just a private event for sub two students specifically um and outside of that I want to give you guys kind of something really cool um we have booked less brown um less brown does everybody know who less brown is we have less brown who is now in his 70s right him and him less brown Robert Allen uh Tony Robbins all of these powerful powerful people have been traveling the world for 20 30 years and we have been so lucky to get to get them now less brown is only going to be available for sub two students um and that is I believe in June so hopefully sub two students are looking forward to that I want you guys to think a few people number one I want you guys to thank Kelly Hano on Instagram she coordinated this with Robert Allen now Robert Allen and I have become friends he just texted me and told me he had a great time on this um work so hard that your heroes become your friends wow um this is better to me than the big old house I just bought sub two this is better to me than all the money I have in my bank this is better to me than all the houses I own and all the other things that we've built this is the type of stuff that I live for so thank you guys I appreciate you um I love you all I will see you sub two students multiple times next week and um please let everybody know that's in the sub two squad that we've got less brown coming in so give Kelly Hano some love on Instagram um tag her she coordinates a lot of the stuff behind the scenes you don't get to see a lot of it she works really hard the other person I want you to thank is Aaron Leitz he had to actually step out Aaron Leitz shared with me his fears um through Instagram and he was embarrassed even share them he said please don't share these with anybody and you know me I shared him with everybody immediately I just didn't say his name and I brought it to light and I challenged myself to be a better mentor and say I'm going to address fears I'm going to address the mindset I'm going to address the things that um you know I don't quite know how to speak on and I'm going to bring in the best of the best of the best and I was able to do that today and um grateful for the opportunity um so grateful for the opportunity wow what a great day guys I love you I will see you on Sunday service tomorrow now I'm excited to do Sunday service even more and uh even sharing that's with everybody inside a sub two all the 1900 students that we're unable to make it here are going to get that recording so if you're a sub two student you'll get the recording um and uh we'll send that out in the next couple of days I appreciate you guys tremendously I love you all thank you so much and we'll see you guys for another live in the next couple