 All right, everybody, let's get started. Let's go through right out of the gate. What are the five questions you think everybody has over and over and over about raising private capital? What are the same five questions? Okay, I'll give you a hint. Number one, why? Why do I need a private lender? Why is this so important? There's books written about it. There's people doing seminars about it. There's people charging. One time I paid somebody $25,000 to teach me and I had to raise private capital. And after three weeks in the class, I was teaching the class and it ended up getting a reimbursement for my $25,000. But there are people that charge $25,000. The teacher that I paid $25,000 to ended up asking me to teach the class because I actually raised more money than the teacher did. Okay, so I got reimbursed. And but people always want to know, like why do I need a private lender? What do I use them for? What is the advantage of having private money lenders? And private money lenders are a third of your success in real estate, okay? So there's three ways that your business, your real estate business is going to succeed. You're gonna have three parts. You're gonna have to find deal. You're gonna have to find money and then you're gonna have to manage that deal. Whatever the exit strategy is, could be a rental, could be a fixing flip, could be an Airbnb, whatever, right? There's three parts to a deal, finding a deal, funding a deal, and then long-term management of that deal. So there's a third. The money aspect of this is a third of this business. And a lot of people don't really break it down that way, but private money, or we'll talk a little bit about hard money, but we'll talk about the difference between private money and hard money. There's a dramatic difference. But it's why. Number one question I get is, why do I need a private money lender? What would I use them for? Okay? So we'll go through that today. Why do I need one? And then a couple of, the next question is, where do I find these creatures? Where do I find these creatures? We're gonna talk about that today too. So where? And then we're gonna talk about a lot of times people wanna know who these people are, okay? Who are these people? Like, why would they lend to me? Is essentially what they're asking? Who are these people? Why would they lend to me? And then another question I get all the time is, how? Right? How do I structure? How do I talk to them? How do I make them secure? How? So we got the why? We got the where? We got the who? We got the how? Okay? And then when? I get another question that starts with a when, and that question is when do I pay them off? Like when do I actually pay them off? How do I pay them back, right? That question. So those are the five most common questions, and I'm going to answer it very succinctly. The way that I wish somebody taught me when I first started, I've paid for a lot of private money mentorships. Unfortunately, this is me as an individual. They all had tremendous value, but most of the time the things that I learned from private money lending education that I paid for personally, I already knew, and the educator who I was paying or the book I was reading or the seminar I went to, was essentially just putting a stamp of approval on what I already knew and was already practicing and doing. And sometimes I actually felt like I knew way more than most educators on raising private capital. Now there are a handful of people in the private, raising private money world that are highly respected. They're amazing, and they deserve to be paid for their time and all their experience. Today I'm just going to give you four hours for free. I don't teach raising private capital. I'm not an educator on it. I would say I'm definitely an expert. In fact, the way I know that is because the people who say they are experts, I actually know more than they are, and they do. And I actually raise more money than they do. Okay, so the first question we're going to answer is why? Why do I need a private money lender? So in the side chat, guys, please make sure you guys are active. We've got 485 people in here. Okay, over time today it's a long journey. We've got four hours with each other. We're probably going to be somewhere between five and 600 people because everybody shows up late. Everybody shows up late, isn't that funny? By the way, isn't that freaking hilarious that you have somebody like me? Yes, I'm going to be a little braggadocious. You have somebody like me that has all the experience I have, doing a free Zoom with nothing to sell and people knuckleheads show up late. You got to freaking love it. You got to love it. Okay, so why? Why do I need a private money lender? Well, let me show you a couple of deals of where I've used private money. Okay, and I will break down how I did the deals. Let's pull up a couple of addresses. This one's a great one. 27, 20 North Sterling. I've told this story a whole bunch of times. We'll pull it up in Zillow. This is a great one. Oh my gosh, this is crazy. The house just keeps going up and up and up and value, but check this out. All right. So here's a house. Okay, I bought this house as you guys can see on 1126, 2019. So how long have I owned this property in months? How many months have I owned this property, guys? Let's do some math here. It's at least 24 months, so probably about 30 months, right? Is that about right? Okay, 30 months I've owned this property. 28 months. Peggy says 28. Cool. So I've owned this thing 28 months. How much money in appreciation have I made on this, by the way? What I bought this house for 372, 788. Okay, 372, 788. Let me take that note down real quick. 372, 788. Most of the examples I'm gonna give you guys today are creative finance examples because honestly cash deals are boring and if you guys are doing cash deals, have fun with that. But I'm doing primarily creative finance stuff. So this is a creative finance deal. I'll break it down for you in just a second. It's now worth $631,000. And I'll tell you, it's actually worth more than that. But that's just what my lay mass neighbors' houses are averaging right now. Our house is so much better than all their houses and I'll tell you why. Okay, yeah, I got lay mass neighbors. Okay, so first question I got for you is, why is this sold number? I bought it for a very specific amount of money. Why is that sold number so specific? Have you guys ever written a contract for $372,788? The reason why it is is because I took over the mortgage, right, and that was the exact amount of money the mortgage was owed. So I took over the mortgage in a process called subject two. It's my logo, it's the logo on the ground. It's all of those things. Diana, Christian, Samir, Chad and TechChang. You guys all have questions, but I won't be answering any questions for hours, just FYI. That is the loan amount. I took over an existing mortgage. I didn't have to qualify. Okay, so this is a form of private money. Okay, this seller actually was my private money lender if you really think about it. Okay, the seller didn't have any equity. Okay, the seller did not have any equity at the time in 2019. This is a straight up sub two deal and I paid the seller basically nothing. I paid the agent $2,500, okay, and I took over the mortgage. Now, let's talk about the deal and I'll tell you why this is so important. Everybody can see my screen, I imagine. Give me a yes. If you don't reply to my questions, I will call you out, just FYI. Okay, so $372,788. I bought this mortgage sub two. Okay, this is not a creative finance class. Obviously my students are in here. If you are one of my students, please raise your hand. Give people the doose, give them the peace sign emoji. Let everybody know who you are. Now, I took this house over subject two. Dave, the seller, was in a situation where he couldn't sell that house. I gave you the address, I'm still the owner. You guys can pull up the verification that I am the owner. I'll show you even the settlement statement. Now, what I don't ever talk about is actually how I funded this deal because if you think about it, just because I took this house over free, that doesn't mean that the agent didn't get paid. By the way, this answers a question for you guys. A lot of people will do you ever work with agents? Yes, I do. For the most part, most real estate agents, I don't like working with because they are real estate agent minded. They're not real estate investor minded. If you are a real estate agent and you are in my lives or watching my YouTube or any of my content, I am not calling you out because you're here trying to learn about investing strategies. And most real estate agents that I call out will never even hear that I called them out because they're not watching content. They're sitting around waiting for a listing or a buyer to show a property to. These are not the agents I'm talking about. There's a very big difference. Now, the agent ended up getting paid $2,500 for this deal because I took over a bad situation that agent could not sell this house. So instead of them making $12,000 of their commission, I just paid them a finder's fee of $2,500. Now, the seller, the seller, his name is Dave, he was willing to give me the house for free. Okay, and that's a conversation for another day. The seller's willing to give me the house for free, but I actually ended up paying Dave $2,500. And the reason being is because I wanted him to give me like an unbelievable video testimonial. Dave has become one of my friends. It's also where this logo came from is Dave. And every time I have a sub-two party at my house, Dave comes to my house. So this seller is a great guy, great relationship. Now, what am I missing here guys? What else am I missing here? I got the agent that needs to get paid. I got the seller that needs to get paid. I took over the mortgage so I didn't have to get it. There we go, Ethan's got it. So closing costs. Okay, so I got closing costs in here. And the closing costs ended up being probably about $3,500 because I always pay for title insurance and lender insurance. Take note of that. I always, what does closing cost me? It means the people who do the paperwork, like the escrow officer, they get paid. And then I pay for policies. I pay for insurance policies. Okay, I pay for a title policy to ensure that the escrow officer did their job properly. I also pay for a lender policy to protect my private money lender, because you guys are going to, this is going to come up later in the, in the Zoom. Somebody's going to say, how does my private money lender get protected? How are they protected? Well, I just answered a small piece of that right now and I'll go into depth a little bit later, but the lender gets an insurance policy when I buy the property. I pay for an insurance policy. It's called a lender's policy. Okay, now I pay for that. That's that kind of consists of that $3,500. Everybody understand what the $3,500 closing costs are, right? Now, the next thing I paid for is I paid for Renault and furniture. Why did I buy Renault and furniture guys? Renault and furniture, because I turned this into an Airbnb. Okay, now I've got good crews, I've got good people. I actually only ended up needing about 20, I think it was like $20,000 or some odd dollars. No, I'm sorry, I went for $15,000. Okay, check this out. So I paid $15,000 for all of that. Didn't need a lot, okay? Now, check this out. The $15,000 renovation and furniture, plus the $5,000 here, that's 20, how much money is this? How much money did I need to get this deal done? $23,500, thank you guys, I appreciate that. It's $23,500. That's what I needed. So how many people in here would want to do a deal and take over somebody's mortgage subject to and pay the seller, pay the agent and own this house. And over the course of 28 months, make $300,000 in just equity growth. But how many of you guys that say yes right now actually have $23,500 sitting in your bank account? Anybody? There's some people in here that some people don't, okay? So at the time and always, my mentality is always OPM, OPM, OPM, OPM, what does OPM stand for everybody? OPM stands for other people's money. And we're gonna talk about why, okay, where I'm gonna get into why do you need, this is why you need private money lenders, okay? I'm answering the question right now in a long form, why do you need private money lenders, okay? Well, at the time, I'm like, I'm just gonna go raise, how much money did I raise guys? Take a guess, how much money did I raise? I raised $30,000. I raised $30,000. Now why did I do that? Well, a couple of things. I obviously have my $23,000 that I need, right? But then I also was like, you know what, I'd like to like pay myself $5,000 for putting this deal together. Literally paid myself $5,000. I took over somebody's house and I paid myself $5,000. Okay, now I had about $1,500 left over or the O craps. Oh my gosh, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I've got $1,500 something went wrong and mower budget, whatever. Do we all understand why I raised $30,000? Tell me yes. Okay, now what is this property doing for me right now? I raised $30,000. This investor, actually they're not called an investor guys. There's a difference between an investor and a lender. Okay, an investor, you are, they are investing in you. A lender is lending money to you. There's a dramatic difference. Dramatic difference, I'll get into that later. Okay, an investor is more of a partner. A lender is a temporary solution. Okay, and they're more of like, there's an agreement in how they're gonna get paid. So I went out and I got a lender, a private money lender. Her name is Sonya. How did I meet Sonya? I met Sonya at a meetup. So all you do is go to meetups and don't actually look for private money lenders. And you're just sitting there on your chair like, oh, what a, what a, guys, don't go to Rias. Don't go to meetups. Don't go to this stuff unless you know how to talk to people about getting private money. Okay, Christina just said the same, the question I asked her. Here's the question that I ask when I go to Rias or I go to meetups or even when I speak on stage at this point. Here's the question, there's two questions I ask. I want you guys to write this down because you're gonna, some of you knuckleheads are gonna say, how what do I say? What do I do? What do I say? Right? It's kind of like talking to a girl for the first time. Like, oh my gosh, what do I say? Right? Okay, two questions. My students all know the answer. Here they are. Question is, why aren't we doing business together? Right? So let's say I meet somebody for the first time. Right? Let's say Russian Eskimo, I walk up to Russian Eskimo. He's always in the lives. Good to see you. And I go, hey man, what's your name? Hey, hey pace, my name is Russian Eskimo. Cool, man. Let me ask you a question. Why are we doing business together? It's gonna take people, they're gonna be like, wait, oh what? I mean, obviously we came here to this Ria to do business. Why, what do we gotta do? Okay, this is the second question. I always say, what do we have to do to make money together? That's the second follow up question. So what do we have to do to make money together? It's literally every time you guys, if you guys ever get behind closed doors and you're ever in meetings with me or a lot of you guys that are going to the club or summit here coming up, you will hear me say this so many times if you're like, hey, why are we doing deals together? Why are you selling me a deal? And I just put people right on the spot. Why are we doing deals together? I don't know, maybe neither one of us have deals. Okay, are you doing any private money lending? No, I don't have any money. Okay, great. Well, maybe we should go knock doors together. You basically are filtering through and figuring out what to do with every human being. When, here's, let me tell you guys something, really, it's a powerful thing for you guys to learn, okay? When people are telling you who they are and what they do, most people are really only thinking one thing, what are they thinking? What are they thinking? Right, they're thinking, what can you do for me? That's what everybody wants to know. When you go to a meetup, what can you do for me? Here's the thing, guys, we're not going to church, okay? We're not going to church. We're not going to like college or high school where there's all this social bullshit that you have to filter through. We are going to a real estate meetup or we're going to a seminar. We're going to these places, okay? That are very specific. People know why they're going there. So when you're asking these questions, everybody, it's okay for everybody to have this thought process of what can you do for me? And then at the same time, what can I do for you? And so that question that I throw out is a very, very, LT just said it, okay? Okay, LT just said it. I saw LT at a meetup two or three weeks ago. I met Sonia at a meetup and I literally was like, why aren't we doing business together? She's like, what, what, what, what, what? She's like, what's your name? Literally, I asked her that question before she even knew my name. And I said, my name is Pace. She's like, oh, okay, cool. I go, why aren't we doing deals together? She's like, I don't know, you know, I'm working on deals and so you just strike up a conversation. Okay, there's three things you're always looking for. You're always looking for money. You're looking for deals or you're looking for people to help you with those deals. Title agent, transaction coordinator, those, those are the only three things I'm ever really looking for. Right? Money, deals or people to help me with my deals. That's it. Okay, so that's how I met Sonia. So I raised 30 grand. Sonia wired her money. Where did she wire her money, everybody? Where did that money go? Let me give you guys something very important for you guys to understand. I don't care who teaches you this. But if you wire money to somebody's personal bank account, that money's gone. Never, ever, ever, ever under any circumstances, wire money to somebody's personal bank account or their business account. Never, never, never. Never, never under any circumstances. Do you ever wire money to an individual or a business? You have to have the title company or the closing attorney, depending on what state you're in, Atlanta closing attorney, Arizona title company. Same thing, just different, a little bit different legislation. So send money to the person handling the transaction and get a receipt. So if you are a private money lender of mine, I see a handful of my private money lenders in here. You will never, ever see money come to me as an individual or even my company. Now, the people have never raised money before might be asking the question, well, how do I get the money? Pace yourself $5,000 on this deal. How did you get the money? This is how it works, guys. Here's the deal. Here's the seller, the seller, and I open escrow at a title, this is the title company, by the way. Okay, sellers there, this is me, right? And we're all in contract, here's our contract. Big old fat sea, this is our contract. Well, the title company, they essentially are abiding by the contract, the purchase price, closing day, all that kind of stuff. Okay, and then they start, they always ask the question, who's paying for this? Okay, they always ask the question, who is paying for this transaction? Right, these girls, they're usually girls, very rarely, sorry, I'm not trying to be misogynistic, I'm just real. Most of the time it's an escrow officer, because women are actually organized, men are stupid. And you typically have women inside of a title company, or an escrow officer, escrow officer, we'll say who is paying for this? Okay, and the question, the answer always is, for me, my private money lender. So my title and escrow companies never actually ask, they never actually ask who's paying for this, they ask which private money lender should we reach out to? Do you see the difference? What happens? Because my title and escrow company, that's not what they ask, they just know how that's how I do business. Okay? They know that's how I do business, all right? Now, they say which private money lender? So what I do, this is very simple, I go, it's Sonya, call Sonya. And so Sonya and the title company communicate, the title company gives her information, what information they give her, they give her wire info. And then Sonya wires the money to the title company and the money sits at title until the transaction is closed. Okay? A transaction is closed. That is when everybody gets their money. So in this transaction, Sonya paid her $30,000 at sat and title, okay? Sat and title and then what happened is one, seller got paid, right? So the seller got their $2,500. Two, the agent, Nuckelhead agent, couldn't sell the house for six months, $2,500. Third thing they got paid for was closing costs. That was about probably $3,500, something like that, I think. And then four, me, the remaining balance went to me. So I actually ended up receiving a large chunk of money, okay? So all of this gets dispersed, that gets dispersed to the seller, okay? Let's minimize this. So this money gets dispersed to the seller, right? Literally through a wire transfer. So the seller, Dave, he received a wire transfer of $2,500. The agent receives a wire of $2,500. Is this helpful for you guys? For people who have never actually seen how an ad deal gets done? Is this breaking it down very simply for you guys? Okay. So the agent that we close ask grow, the transaction's done, the title company then disperses the funds, okay? And the agent gets paid. I should have never even paid that agent, to be honest. But I did it because I wanted to be nice. Closing costs, where do the closing costs go, guys? Where do they get wired to? They don't get wired because they stay at the title company. The title company is holding the 30 grand. It was sent to them from Sonia, my lender, okay? How do you vet a private money lender? You don't vet a private money lender, bro. You freaking say, what do you mean? How do you vet them? The way you vet them is do you have money? Come on, bro. Oh, by the way, that is a great question. Never, ever, ever. I got, I already given you a couple of never-ever. So here's a never-ever, never-ever wire money. If you are a private money lender, a lot of my private money lenders are in here. If you are a private money lender, never wire money to anybody besides a closing attorney or a title company, okay? The second thing you should never do is if you are borrowing money from a private money lender, no private money lender will ever ask you to give the same money to them. Never, because that's a scam. We had a student named Page who got scammed $15,000 and I actually refunded her the money. One of my dumbass students, I'm not gonna say her name, total knucklehead, referred a scam artist lender unknowingly, had no idea that this was a scam artist lender to one of my other students, Page. And Page clicked on the link, it went to a website and the website basically said, hey, we'll fund your deal. You just have to give us a $15,000 funding fee. She wired $15,000. It was a really sad story actually. Here's the, here's the story, Page joined my mentorship in 2020, October, okay? She was able to through doing lease options and some Airbnb, she was able to quit her nursing job in like four or five months of being in my mentorship. Then after that, she started accumulating a good amount of capital through her cash flow. She got about $15,000 saved up and then she goes, I'm gonna go do a fix and flip. So she gets this link from one of my knucklehead students. I shouldn't call them dumbass because at the time, I didn't have the 10 rules of sub two. And now inside of our sub two community, there's a rule, never promote somebody. Never promote somebody else's product, ever, ever, ever, unless you're willing to cut the check for another student's loss. So we have a very protected community, but what ended up happening is, Page goes into the private Discord channel and says, hey, I need a lender for this specific fix and flip. So one of our other students trying to be ultra helpful and loving found a lender in another fake ass Facebook group and goes, oh, hey, I saw somebody over here using a lender and here you go, Page, I've never used them. Good thing she said, I never used them before, but here's a link. Guys, don't freaking do that. Don't ever promote a product to service a lender or anything that you haven't personally used yourself. You will never see me do that. If I promote a product or service, you know I'm using it in my business and I stand by it. And if one of my students says something like, I promote prime corporate services all the time and my students know if they have a problem with prime corporate services, I will personally call the owner and get it fixed. That is the only type of thing you should promote. Well, guess what happened? Page, her name's Page, she goes in, wires 15 grand to a lender, a fake ass lender, and that lender stole her money, $15,000 and it was all the money she had accumulated since quitting her job. So I did a surprise zoom with all my students where I lead out the 10 rules of sub two and I personally wired 15 grand to Page to make her whole. And that is the first and last time I'll ever do that for anybody in my community because now I have a rule in my community never share a product service lender or otherwise that you haven't personally vetted yourself. Okay? So do not ever, if you have a lender that says, yeah, send me a funding fee. Where if for some reason, if you find a lender and you have to put a down payment on the loan, which we'll get into a little bit later, you guys want to hear that, you guys want to send that money where? Where do we send all money? Where do we send all money? Always goes to title, always goes to title, always goes to title, never, ever, ever, ever. Okay? And people that get scammed by these people that are like, yeah, send me a funding fee, guys, you deserve to get scammed. How dumb are you? Why are you sending money to individuals or companies? Send it to a title company. This is why title companies exist. They verify funds, they verify who owns the property, they verify who everybody is. That is why they get paid closing costs. These closing costs, part of the closing costs, if you guys remember, some of you knuckleheads that showed up late, I'm actually paying for title insurance with these closing costs. I'm paying insurance on my lender and paying insurance on the transaction. I'm actually paying an insurance policy, which we'll go through here in a little bit. All right, so what happens is $30,000 gets funded by a private money lender, Sonya in this situation. This truly was my lender. I meet her at a meetup. I told her, you exactly what I told her. Okay, so Dave gets paid, the agent gets paid, the wire, the closing company, closing costs, they don't get wired, they just stay at the company. That's their money for doing the transaction. So I end up, let's see, what did I end up having? What are my closing costs? Did I say $3,000? Oh, $3,500, okay, cool. So what's left over guys? What's left over is essentially, see, what is that? How much is left over? How much did I wire to myself? I could bust out my calculator. Okay, cool. So I receive $23,500. It gets wired to me, literally to my company. And my company that owns that house is PJ Morby. Actually, no, no, no, no, let's see. You guys want to see which company owns that? Let's find out. I don't even know. Isn't that funny? Let's find out. I don't even know. Isn't that funny? Let's find out. So here's how you find out who owns properties, okay? Check it out. This thing, this guy is a magical thing. I don't even know who invented it, but look at this. Look at this thing. It's called Google, okay? So let's go to Maricopa, let's see, Maricopa County Assessor. Okay, let's go to the Assessor. And let's go to, let's see, their main site. And I'll do a little search over here. I think there's a search bar somewhere. Where's this search? Okay, right here. Boom. Okay. So do I have one? Okay, 2720 North Sterling. Oh, look who the owner is, guys. Isn't it amazing you can see who actually owns the property? Okay. Now I had a really smart person set up my corporate structure where you guys will not be able to see my name on any of the corporate documents. If you guys click here, you'll, let's go through it. Let's see. Well, that's a corporation commission. I think let's see owner. Let's go to the APN. Okay, so you guys can go through. There's my address. There's the sales price. I bought on that day. All that kind of stuff. So where did the money get wire to for this deal? Who did it get wire to to get wire to me personally? Or where did it get wire to? Okay, got no, no, no, no. It was already sitting at title, guys. Guys, it was already sitting at title, you knuckleheads. It got sent to so Warro cactus holdings. The company I just showed you. Right? I just pulled it up on the website. Okay. I went to so Warro. I was going to go through the website. I went to so Warro cactus holdings. That's one of my holding companies. I went to so Warro cactus of which I have a bank account. And what did I do with it? Now, I've got $23,500 sitting in this account. Okay. It's not profit first, guys. Whoever said profit first, this is not profit. So I'm not, this is Steven Shed. This is not profit, bro. This is money I need to go and actually do the renovation and put the house together. It's not profit. So I wouldn't use profit first breakdown. Okay. I renovated and furnished the house. I did two things. I sent, I sent $6,500 of it to my personal account, PJ Morby LLC. I don't, by the way, if you guys ever put money in your personal account, consider yourself fired. You don't know how to move money around. You're a knucklehead. $15,000 went to my Airbnb manager who handled the renovation, the furniture, et cetera. Okay. Noah Hoffman. Noah manages my stuff. Okay. Now, I will show you, like anything I show you guys, I will never give you examples unless I show you real proof. A lot of people will give you guys a whole bunch of examples and all that kind of crap, but they'll actually never show you real stuff. So let me show you something really tasty. This one's kind of cool. This was on March 10th. You do a little screenshot of this. And do a screen share for you guys. Is this helpful to get you guys like screen shares and show you guys all this kind of stuff? Or should I just talk at you like all these other **** that teach this stuff? Okay. Here we go. This is honestly the way I wish I was taught to be truthful. Okay. So here we go. March 10th. If you look here, let's make this a little bit bigger. You look here. This is Noah texting me. How much money did March book for me? So this, let's see, Jeff Winston, I've been booked how much for 27 nights, how much did this house bring in? You see that? How much money did I bring in for 27 days? Okay. Come on guys. Look at it. Pay attention. Okay. So I of course say, holy smokes. That's like $10,000 net. Not bad for a free sub two house. Also, that house has gone up $300,000 in equity. Pretty dope, right? Okay. Cool. Russian Eskimo. Did I, Russian Eskimo, did I pay for that house? Have I ever once paid for that house out of my pocket? Did I ever use my own personal money? Did I do anything with my own money? Okay. So is that technically a free house for me? Did I use any of my credit? Did I use any of my credentials? Did I use any of my own cash? Russian Eskimo. Let me unmute you for a second. Let's make sure we understand what this means. You're not one of my students. Russian Eskimo. How you doing? Russian Eskimo. Okay. All right. So, here we go. He didn't answer. So it's all good. This is a house I got for free. I took over somebody else's mortgage subject to. I funded the $2,500 to the seller. I funded $2,500 to the agent. I funded the closing costs. All my renovations. And I paid myself $6,500. I got paid $6,500 to take over somebody else's property. I got paid $6,500 to take over somebody else's house and turn it into an Airbnb. Okay. That house, last month, generated $14,000 in revenue. On Airbnb, $14,000. You guys just saw the proof. Okay. Now, I netted $10,000 on that deal. So have I answered the question of why we need private money lenders? All like very clear on why I need a private money lender? Okay. I could go through literally 10 more examples, 50, 100 more examples just like this, with very specific detail breaking it out. Now, let me ask you the next question. When did I pay off Sonya? And how did I pay off Sonya? Let's break this down. This is very simple for you guys. This is very important for you guys to understand. Because now, here's what I have. I have a loan at Wells Fargo, because I took over Dave's Wells Fargo loan, and my payment to the Wells Fargo loan is $1900. Okay. Okay. That's the sub-to-lone. I pay it every single month. I've been paying it. Now, I also had a payment to Sonya. Now, I paid Sonya 10% simple interest. Okay. What does simple interest means? It means I'm simply paying her interest only. Okay. So even when I make her a payment, I still owe her the same amount of money. Shannon says, I'm lost when it comes to Wells Fargo. Well, because you're not probably don't know what subject to us. That would probably be a problem, right, Shannon? Let me, Shannon, let me jump on and see if I can answer that question for you, okay? Shannon, how you doing? I'm good, Pace. So you don't understand what subject to us. That's the problem? No, I get the gist of it. Usually, Mark, my husband is the one who pays more attention. I'm usually the one to deal with the kids. Okay. When it comes to Wells Fargo, let me see if I can make this... It's a great question, by the way. I'm sure there's other people in here that don't understand it as well. So I want to make sure I explain it properly. So when you take over his loan, and the conversation between you and Wells Fargo, how... I didn't have a conversation with Wells Fargo. Okay. So let me back up. I literally never once have spoken to Wells Fargo on this house and I've owned it for 30 months. Okay. So where I guess I'm confused at is when you start making the payments to Wells Fargo, how does that work? I literally go into Dave's login and I make the payment. Let me ask you a question, Shannon. How do you pay your car payment online? Okay. How do you pay your house payment online? So how do you think I paid the Wells Fargo payment? So you just basically get his login information and paid from there. It's so simple. And I love this question. I know I'm sounding very terns and I'm making you feel maybe stressed out by the way I'm answering, but I'm trying to like... No. I'm not going to go in the same way as I do. I'm not going to go in the same way as I do. I'm not going to go in the same way as I do. What's going on with this? I get hit. I can go into anybody's login, right? And pay anybody's goal for them. Could I log in right now to your bank right now to your car, your blown, your power bill, anything and pay it with my credit card? Yes. So what's stopping me from doing that for Dave's Wells Fargo loan? Okay. Then nothing. That was kind of where I was confused. It's so simple. It causes people brain damage. There's no way it's that challenging. Or there's no way it's that easy, right? So it legitimately is that easy. Okay. That's kind of where when you wrote that down, it was like, well, how does that work? Okay. Cool. Got it. I love the question. Thank you so much. Thank you, pace. Yes. Guys, you have questions like that. And if I get on your ass, just so you know, I'm getting on your ass because I want you to get the answer and very quickly. And I'm going to put you through a little bit of a pressure cooker for a second, make you feel a little stressed out just so you go, oh my gosh, I got to pay attention. Right. Okay. So let's see here. A couple of things. Let me just make sure I do a couple of things. D-I-B-I. I got to mute everybody again. So sorry, guys. Now does everybody understand that? Okay. Notice how subject to this is not a creative finance education. Okay. If you are not learning sub two, then you're in knucklehead. You're not going to be able to do this. Go learn subject to. Okay. But I took over his Wells Fargo loan. He was willing to let me take over his loan for multiple reasons, which is another story for another day. Okay. Now my agreement with Sonya was 10%. Okay. And my agreement for Sonya was 10%. And I will, guys, I'm going to break down very simply for you guys some really cool stuff. I made this stuff up specifically for you. So if there's 718 people in here, congratulations. You guys are going to get some incredibly amazing stuff. I haven't even begun. I haven't even begun. Okay. This is warm. This is not even for play yet. Okay. So Russian Eskimo. Will you please get on get off get off your ass? And when I come to you and I ask you to unmute yourself, will you actually unmute yourself so I can actually have a conversation with you? You knucklehead. Russian Eskimo. Hello, peace. Can you hear me? Yes, he is. Behind the curtains. Did you buy something? Russian Eskimo, are you an Android user? No, I'm an Apple user. Come on, bro. We know the truth. Come on, brother. Tell me what's the question. What's you got? What's you asked me a question about the other payment? Tell me where the about the other payment. So, okay. I was in a question. I have to remember. The question was, so like, where do we get the rest of that cash you pay them? So we take over their loan and then we get like a private money. Then did you fill in the gaps or do you use my investor loan? How's the look of you? Did you show a plate? No, I was on time. You were on time, but you have a question of where the money comes from. Even though I went through this entire sheet right here. No, not that. I'm saying, how do you structure like between a P out the private money lender and the mortgage, like splitting them? I don't even understand your question. Do you, you're so overthinking this? Do you think I'm paying off the loan? No. No, you're taking over the loan, I'm guessing. I'm taking over the payments. The seller's name stays on the loan. Okay. I have the deed, which means I now I'm the owner of the property. Okay. Okay. Every month there's a new payment. Do every single month, just like any other loan, right? 19-hundred bucks. So I go into Dave's account and I pay that 19-hundred bucks. Okay. I'm waiting for a question. Russian ask him. All right. So, another thing I wanted to ask was with the P out of the private money lender. So they usually are for gaps, right? No. They can do gaps, but they can do a hundred different things, brother. I'm going to show you every type of deal that a plan of money lender can fund. So what you're thinking about right now, Russian Eskimo, is you're thinking about a cash deal. Because your brain is around cash. You're my dear. Right. So you're thinking I go get a hard money loan from myinvestorloan.com and then I go get a private money lender to fill in the gap. Exactly. That's not this deal, dog. This is a subject to deal. I would never use a hard money lender here. I just took over somebody else's loan. Why do I need to go get a loan to pay off Dave's loan? Dave's just letting me take over his loan. I don't think you understand that. So you're taking over your loan. Yes, I'm getting that portion. Okay, then why would I need my investor loan at all? I'll see another Russian estimate. Do you have a car? Do you have a car, Russian Eskimo? Do you have a car payment? Yep. Okay. So would it be possible for me to have you give, put the registration in my name and I can get car insurance in my name and I could start driving your car, correct? Yep. Could I also just go to your bank, who's your lender on that deal? It's a DCU. Okay, so could I just go to DCU and make your payment for you? I think you can. Yeah, yeah. Okay, the answer is yes. No, I think, is either yes or no, is it yes or is it no? Yes. Okay. So do I need to go get a loan in order to pay for your loan? No. You just take it. Right. So why does my investor loan need to get involved in this transaction with me and Dave? Okay. Waiting for the aha. So you just take it. Yes, it's that simple dog. Jesus. Why are you over complicating this, man? I don't know. I was seeing other videos there was saying you have to get like a, you have to get some gap funding for this and then you're mixing two transactions. Okay. Now, you showed up late. You had to have or you haven't been paying attention because there's no possible way you don't understand why I had Sonya. Why do I have Sonya? What do I need Sonya for? If the seller saying just take over my payments, what do I now need Sonya for my private money lender? Why do I need her? I've literally been talking about this for 52 minutes. It's for the gap that to, it's for all of my costs, right? I call it my entry fee. I'm going to enter into this deal. Now I've got to pay the seller $2,500, right? To walk away the agent $2,500 to walk away closing costs, paying myself because I can pay myself on taking over a free house and then paying for furniture and renovation where I don't have to come out of pocket any money, right? Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. You're overthinking everything dog. I promise you you overthink everything. All right. So the PM, the private money lender spent like the back fees and the entry fees like. Mm-hmm. Just to get a crit. Let me, let me tell you what a private money lender pays for. Everything you don't want to. Mm-hmm. Write that down dog. I have, I should have done this. The private money lender pays for everything you don't want to pay for. That's what they pay for. So when you ask me, well, what's the private money lender for? Paying f***ing that I don't want to pay for. Okay. Okay. Are you getting, now when I'm terse with you and I'm intense, it's intentional. It's not because I'm angry. It's to get you to get the point very quickly. Yep. Okay. Did this help? I just always thinking this thing. No f***ing dog. Every question you ever ask in all my lives is an overthinking question. But I want them. They're great. But that you are a classic overthinker, bro. Do you know why most people are successful? Why? It's because they're dumber than you. Mm-hmm. So they don't overthink shit. They don't even have an overthinking switch in their brain, bro. You're overthinking switches on all the time. Homeboy. That's what had analysis. For the most long time. All day long. Do you guys ever meet dumbass people who have a lot of money? I have. Yeah. A lot. My wife and I all the time are like, look at people. Like, how's that guy making money? He's so stupid. Homeboy wears two different color socks. His clothes don't match. Mm-hmm. He has hair coming. His hair. I'm not sure where his ear hair stops and his neck hair begins. Like, the hygiene issues and weird people don't even have an overthinking switch. So the reason why I get intense with you guys on a Zoom is I'm trying to reach through the Zoom right at you and turn your switch off. I'm trying to turn your switch off. That's why I'm so intense on these lives. And why do we appeal the PML's second position, right? Always second position. The main is the... We're not going to get into first and second position for probably another hour. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you, peace. Clear up a lot. That's my job. My job is to get intense with you so I can turn that switch off. Mm-hmm. And you did that. Exactly did that. Wow. Hey, so do you have a Zoom sort of video on how to actually structure the sub-tune breakdown? Yeah. Yes. If you're one of my students, that's what my whole mentorship is for. Guys, we're not going to get into subject two today. Please. Go work with one of my sub-tune students if you're not able to get into my mentorship. Please. Perfect. Don't turn this into a subject two education. Trying to teach you guys raising private capital and y'all are now excited about subject two. If you aren't learning subject two, then you're frankly your stupid. You're trying to do everything with cash. Congratulations. You're going to lose. Um, where I'm here for private money too. Okay. Can I go over a sub two? I just locked up and get your pin on it. No, you cannot. That's not what the Zoom is for. I'm sorry. Are you guys okay with me just being a little bit tert today? Make sure we stay on topic. Everybody's always trying to take my attention away. All right. So here we go. So here's this deal on this deal. I took over Wells Fargo loan subject two and Sonya. I paid 10% simple interest. So the question is when do I pay Sonya back? Okay. Well, it depends. Okay. When do I pay Sonya back? It depends on my structure. Okay. Write this down. Write this down because no matter how many PowerPoints you watch, no matter books you read, no matter seminars, you go to no matter who you pay to teach you about private money lending, the private money lender and you are who determine the structure on every individual deal. I have probably raised close to $100 million in my lifespan as a real estate investor. And never one time. Never one time has the structure ever been the same length of time amount of percentage. How would they want to be paid? Whether they want to be involved in the view like viewing the deal. Like I have lenders. Check this out guys. I have lenders that want to be in my slack channel. And I have other lenders that couldn't care any less. I'm going to show you guys all this stuff. It's going to be great. Check this out. So I'll show you a lot of our active deals we have going on, but right now, by the way, not a lot of investors are going to show you how many I look at all these active deals we have going on. Look at all these. Okay. So you guys think you're learning from the right person? Here's a deal right here on Diamond Street. We're making about $140,000 on this one. Just close, I think. Our final settlement statement was like a couple days ago, but it's closed. Okay. I don't know when it was closed, but it should have been closed a couple days ago. There you go. It got D stage. We did stages when it's D stage. So some private money lenders want to be involved in my deals and they want to see the back end. Some private money lenders couldn't care any less. Some private money lenders want to be paid on the first. Some private money lenders don't want to be paid. Any money they just want to actually have a private money lender that doesn't receive a payment with what she wants is she wants to take that money and roll it into another deal every month so it compounds and compounds and compounds. I have another lender that wants to be paid twice a month. She wants to be paid first month, first part of the month, half of her money, second part of the month, the other half of her money every month because she wants to treat it like a paycheck. Guys, when you ask me a question of how do I structure private money, is there such thing as a perfect structure that everybody follows? Have I sufficiently answered that question? Can I move on to another topic and you guys don't ever ask me a question of is there a perfect structure? Now, I will show you structures but every lender is different. Every deal is different and my exit strategy is different on every single deal. Sometimes I'm going to hold the property for 20 years. Sometimes I'm going to hold the property for five. Sometimes I'm going to hold the property for three months. It depends on the deal. Now, on this particular deal with Sonia, what I did is Sonia said she wanted her money in 12 months. She wanted her money in 12 months. Why? The reason why she wanted it is because she's a swimmer. You guys are like, what the hell is a swimmer? This is officially the only time I've ever mentioned this ever. Even my students don't know this because I just created this this morning. Check this out. You guys are going to see something so sick today. It's going to be so dope. You guys won't even believe it. I created this. I woke up early this morning at 3 a.m. and I created this for you guys. By the way, there is a replay of this but it's only for my students. I'll be putting this into the sub two student vaults, just FYI. And here is my little, let's see here. Let's do a little screen share on this. This is going to be part one of probably a seven or eight part series for my students. So check this out. I've got five different types of lenders. I've got a whale. I've got a dolphin, a swimmer, a shark, a gator, and a camel. I'm going to break this down for you guys in about an hour. I'm going to tell you guys where to find these people, who they are, etc. I actually have a very specific topic. So check this out. The swimmer, this is what a swimmer wants. Teach me how to do it. I want to get involved. I wish I was you, but I want to learn by doing. I want you to teach me how to swim. Typically it's 10 to 12% simple interest. Never amortize you guys. Don't advertise means. A lot of people don't know what amortize mean, but I'll show you. They get no ownership. It's always short term and they want to be on their own one day. You guys want me to break down, you guys want me to break down these personalities and who they are and what they want and all that kind of stuff. Nobody teaches. I've been in every mentorship around raising private capital. Nobody breaks down personality types ever, ever, ever, ever. Yara, see, Yara is one of my lenders right here. Yara, can I unmute you Yara for just a second please? Because I want, I just want to have everybody hear your voice. Yara is one of my swimmers. Hi Yara. She's trying to figure out. Hello. Hello. There she is. Yes, I am. Hi, Pacey. Nice to meet you. Hi, how are you doing? I'm good. I love and appreciate you. I love you too. Sometimes I think you don't. I'm a busy man. Everybody thinks that I don't like him when I'm busy. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Good to be busy. It's always good to be busy. I appreciate you tremendously. So Yara, you borrow, are you loaned money to me, not because you wanted to keep your money with me for a long, long time, you loaned money to me because you said, I want, I don't want my money being killed by inflation. I want to get a monthly check because I think my monthly check I was giving you at the time was paying for your living expenses because you had just retired from your job, right? Yes. Yes. And then you also said, I want to see what this looks like. I want to be involved in a transaction. I don't want to just talk about real estate. I want to be involved in real estate. That's right. Until, until when? Until you could find your own deals to put your money into. Is that right? That's right. Exactly. So I provide as a real estate investor, I provide a tremendous value to somebody like you, Yara. Is that correct? That's perfect. Yes. And I appreciate that. I'm trying to, there's a lot of people, you got 750 people in here, Yara. And a lot of these people will believe that they have no value to a private money lender like yourself. They do have value because just being here, I connect with so many people and so many big fish there. And the, the, the, the sub-chiclet community have reached out to me. Some were very genuine, some were not. People that I would do business with, I have a great, great. The section there with one of them. And we keep learning, learning and learning. Love it. So you enjoyed lending money to me for a while. We developed a relationship. We had a friendship, but that friendship will go on forever. But the relationship on money lending doesn't go on forever with people like you and me because you want to go and do your own deals. Is that correct? I do. And if I could keep lending to you doing both, I would be happy to. Yeah, you could always do both for sure. Exactly. Yeah, you could always do both. So guys, typically when you're in a live like this, you're in Zoom. You're going to run into a lot of private money lenders. In fact, I probably have a good two or three million dollars of people's money right now in the sidetrack. I have an abundance mentality. If like Yara, for example, Yara, if you came on my lives and I talk about your name, what happens? Everybody wants to talk to you, right? Exactly. And that seems kind of. I put a post there. And in less than one hour, I got 105 requests for being friends. See, I have an abundance mentality because I will let you guys know who my private money lenders are. Do you want to know why? Because no matter who you are, no matter what you do, there are more than enough money. There's more than enough private money lenders out there to share across across abundance is everything. The reason why you guys come to me on Sunday morning and you want to learn from me is because I'm not a fake guru that's just making YouTube videos about raising capital. I'm actually doing it. One of my private money lenders is on my Zoom with me right now on a free Zoom. Okay. The reason why you guys show up is because of the way I operate. Okay. So, um, I operate with abundance so that we have an abundant community. All right. Now, Yara, thank you for coming on here. I appreciate that. That was awesome. Thank you. You have a good day. I'm here. Yara, no matter how frequently I talk to you or don't talk to you, my heart always beats partly just for you. I love you. And I love you too. And I hope to see you on Vegas. Of course, you will see me on Vegas. You'll give me a hug in Vegas. It'll be great. Yes, I will. All right. So, check this out. So, Sonya is a swimmer too. Okay. What's a swimmer, guys? We just broke that down. Right. What's a swimmer? A swimmer is somebody who wants to do this themselves. They want me to teach them how to swim. So, what they do is they get into my Slack channels. Okay. So, like, if you guys ever loaned money to me, you would actually be part of a real transaction. You would see the way things are unfolding. You'd see why we choose these cabinets and what's going on with you. You'll never see my name in here. I'm too busy doing stuff. But this is our Slack channel, right? This is what it looks like. You're going to learn what Anna's doing and where we're spending money and how things are being decided on. And here's a mold inspection report and lab results. And, hey, there's a framing issue here. This is something that a lot of lenders come to me for. And they go, I want to feel what it feels like to be in an actual deal. Okay. I want to be in a deal. And I want to get a check from you every single month. And so, Sonya, okay, let's work out what did Sonya receive? Okay. What did Sonya receive? If she loaned $30,000 to me, if Sonya loaned $30,000 to me, what was her monthly payment on that deal at 10% interest? And now, it's $3,000. No, no, no, guys, it's not 10% monthly. That's 10% yearly return, okay? 10% yearly. Okay. So she was receiving $250 per month. Now, was I paying down her payment or what I owed her? Or was it just interest only? It was interest only. So every single month, I paid her $250 every single month, okay, for 12 months. Now, my average house, this house, right? So I have this house. It's an Airbnb, it's 27, 20 North Sterling. You guys can see this house. I bought it subject to. Now, I have a Wells Fargo loan of $1900 a month, okay? And then I also have Sonya payment of $250. And then I have miscellaneous, right? Like utilities, landscape, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Let's say of like $1500. And that's like repairs and maintenance and, you know, damage and whatever else, okay? So my monthly cost, right? My cost every single month of this is roughly, let's say, $3,450,650, okay? So my cost for this house is $3,650 per month to run this Airbnb. And my average income on this property, okay? My average income on this property is $10,000 a month over the course of a year. Now, this last month, I brought in $14,000, okay? That's a higher end one, right? Sometimes I'm only bringing $6,000 or $7,000, okay? Now, if I'm bringing in $10,000, if my average income is $10,000, so we thought everybody tracking me on this, everybody tracking me on my average income on that property is $10,000. Okay? So I'm going to take out $3,650 a month on that deal. I showed you guys the address. I showed you the proof that I own it. I showed you this text message from my Airbnb operator that we brought in $14,000 last month. We're all on the same page. This is not a fake example. This is, okay? This is like half of my deals are like this, okay? So then I'm bringing in, what is that? $6,350 per month on average on that deal. So you guys answer me. How am I paying Sonya back? How am I paying Sonya back? There you go, from the cash flow, okay? So you have a couple options. One, how to pay the lender back? How to pay the lender back? Okay, the first way I can pay a lender back is one from my cash flow. Okay, but what if my cash flow is not as strong as this particular Airbnb? Well, I can do a refinance later down the road. Now, let me ask you guys a question. If I do a little screen share with you, let's go back to Sterling and let me do a screen share. And let me ask you a question. If I structured this deal with Sonya to refinance, could I refinance right now and pay off this old loan right here plus Sonya's money of $30,000? Pretty easily. Okay, I would actually end up having a cash out, if I did a cash out refinance on this one, with like the company we use for anybody that wants to know, we use a company called MyInvesterLone.com. Okay, MyInvesterLone.com will give me a loan. Let's say that I have a $630,000 house, which is what that's worth. And let's say they give me an 80% loan with no money out of my pocket, 80% loan, how much money? How much money will I get out of that cash out refi? How much money will I get out of that? So $504,000? I'll have a new loan, so this will be my new loan. What'll happen is, let's do this a whole process again, knuckleheads. MyInvesterLone wires $504,000 to who? Who do they wire that money to? They wire it to a title company who's handling my refinance out of that $504,000? Okay, they're holding the $504,000? Guess what happens? The Wells Fargo loan that I have of $372 ends up getting paid, right? And then Sonia, my private money lender ends up getting paid her $30,000, plus she already received payments along the way. So essentially what's going to happen is how much money will I have after I paid off Wells Fargo and I paid off Sonia? How much money will I have in my pocket? I'll have $102,000 in my pocket. Pretty dope. Are you guys following this? Have we answered the question sufficiently of how to pay your lender back and actually not have any money come out of your pocket on the deal? All right. Have you guys ever seen somebody talk about raising private capital and how it breaks down as simply and easy as this on an actual deal? All right. Cool. So there's the refinance. What's another way I could pay off the private money lender? Check this out. A lot of people won't tell you this, but I could replace that lender with another lender. So let's say Sonia gave me 12 months and I go, you know, in 12 months I'll find another private money lender. Could I replace Sonia with another private lender? Okay. I could do that. Now, here's the challenge. A lot of you guys have fear. You have a lot of fear because you're new. Do you think you'll have more private money lenders in a year or less private money lenders in a year as you're taking action and being involved? You have a lot more, right? You'll have a lot more. I mean, just show up to my zooms and you'll find some private money lenders. By the way, for all of you non-subtoo students that are out there trying to learn on YouTube, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for you guys. You're on YouTube. You can't communicate. You can't hang out with people on the sidetrack. You can't be on a Zoom. You are missing a very key element in your education process and it's community. If you don't have a community that's helping you out and doing deals with you, oh my gosh. Today is one little taste of our community. You guys got to get tapped into a community wherever it is. Amy, who came on Wednesday, I was teaching private capital. I know she has her own community. Like get tapped into a community. Don't be one of these knuckleheads out there on YouTube. YouTube is for entertainment. If you guys ever see my seller calls or my deal breakdowns, guys, that's entertainment. You want to get educated. You got to get me in live zooms that go on for longer than an hour, longer than two hours, longer than three hours, because that's where real education sets in. You have to set the foundation. You guys see why I'm teaching you the way I'm teaching you? I'm not just going to bombard you with information. I'm going to do it slowly. Give it to you. I'm going to ask you to repeat what I'm saying before we move on to the next topic. Okay. So, now what's another way that I can pay off my lender? Tell me, what's another way I can pay off my lender, guys? Sell the house. I love it. Good job. Great job. I can sell the house. Okay. There you go. Oh, Shay, I like that. You could own our finance. We're not going to get into that. We're not going to get into that. This is stuff I teach my students long term, but I could sell it on owner finance to somebody else. I would never do that, but you could do that. A lot of people successfully do this and like this. Anna, we already did cash out refinance right here. Okay. Cold, cold black owner finance is a wrap. It's the same thing. Sell the note. No, yeah, you could sell the note if you really wanted to. I would never, you, I'll put it on there, but I would never do that. It's not an intelligent thing to do with that investment. Can you sub to a sub two? No, that's called owner finance. Yep. You could do a lease option, but your lease option, tenant is not going to pay you $30,000 down. So, lease option is not really going to work out. A lease option if they pay you $30,000 to cover Sonya's fee, that's not a lease option anymore. You're now owner financing that and you have an infirmant of ownership. And that's a legal issue that you don't want to run into. Yep. So there you go. Those are the, those are six primary ways to pay off that lender. Okay. Everybody understand how I'm paying off the private lender? Okay. I want to get 800 yeses in the side chat. If you're not replying, yes. Okay. Boom. There we go. There's something different, guys, when you participate in a Zoom instead of just sitting there and consuming content. Okay. So, for all you late knuckleheads that showed up, I'm not going back and answering these questions again, but have we sufficiently answered why? Why do I need a private money lender? Can I, can I do a deal literally with no money out of my pocket? Not only no money out of my pocket, but can I do a sub two deal where I pay myself upfront from somebody else's lending to me, structure in a way that I'm into the deal no money out of pocket, let the property appreciate, let the cash flow come in, use the cash flow and the appreciation to ultimately pay off that lender. And now I don't have that lender anymore. Okay. Cool. So we've gone an hour and 20 minutes. I've really answered why do I need private money? Okay. I've also answered where I got Sonya. Okay. I also answered when and how do I pay them back? Okay. Have we answered that? Okay. Now, I just broke down a deal that I did subject to. I brought in $30,000 of somebody else's money. They funded the sellers getting paid, the agent getting paid, the closing cost getting paid, my furniture getting paid. I showed you how I paid them back. Okay. So let's jump into some other questions and I'm going to break down. Actually, here's what I'll do. I'll break down what are these types of lenders. I'll show you guys some personality style. Okay. personality type. Okay. You guys cool with that? How do you build their trust? We won't get into that for a little bit. We'll get into that maybe in two hours. Okay. Let's go into this. All right. So you guys ready for this? All right. So let's go to the first type of personality. Okay. The first type of personality is the whale. Okay. Now, you guys are all. These are all water creatures and you guys are understand this when I get to the bottom one. But you guys are we're all going to just teach water creatures. Okay. Now, the whale. I'll give you a good example of a whale. Actually here, let me. You guys want to you guys want a whale. I'll give you the contact information for a whale. How about that? Oh, there is Alex. Oh, yes. Maybe. Here we go. Found him. It's been a bit. I haven't used him for a couple of years. But let's I'll share you I'll share his contact information for it to you. Here you go. Alex Cohen. Three to 12% lender. Sometimes hard money. Sometimes private money lender. He is going to get a lot of text messages. Okay. He owns a company called Imperial tile. Okay. Screenshot this. Use him. He doesn't have enough money for you guys. Don't bother him unless you have a deal. Don't be stupid. Don't be one of these people that bother people with that a deal. Okay. Alex Cohen. Right there. There's his phone number. There's his office address. And he owns a company named Imperial tile. Now why am I showing you guys him? Why am I showing him to you? Well, because I want you to understand that this is a personality type. Okay. He's a whale. Why is he a whale? Because he's big. He has a lot of money. He owns all their businesses. He's a business man. So this is his mentality. Leave me alone. Hey, me my returns. And I actually have another lender. I will not give you his money his name. Because I actually use him still. His email. His first email to me was this. He says, Pace, I'm not in the business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving my money. Okay. So here's what they want. These are big people. These are people that own businesses like me. But they're older. They're not looking to chase down deals. They're not looking to be involved in the management. Do you think they want to be involved in my slack channel and seeing what paint color I'm using? Do you think they want to know what cabinet style I'm shooting I'm choosing? Right. All they're trying to do is beat out inflation. Okay. Pace, what kind of lender is that is the best to use for an apartment complex? April, Marano, please be patient. Please be patient. Let me go through my presentation. I worked hard on this. I promise I did. I know you guys don't think I worked that hard. But I promise I worked really hard this morning at 3 a.m. I promise you'll get value. Okay. So what happens is whales. Okay. These are people that are somewhat retired, but still want to play in the game. Okay. Rarely amortized. Okay. Amortized. What does amortized mean? It's very simple process. Okay. What does amortized mean? Amortized means it gets paid down over time. So as I make payments, it's kind of like a car loan. That's an amortized loan. A home loan is an amortized loan. Okay. These loans get paid down. Okay. These loans get paid down over time. So my payments actually slowly pay that down to zero. Okay. That's amortized. It's a stupid word. It's a stupid word. I don't know who came up with it, but that's what it means. Amortized means it's over time it pays off. Okay. Most lenders are not amortized. Most lenders are interest only. They just want interest. Simple interest is what we call it. Simple interest. Okay. Keep it simple. I primarily pay it like Paula. One of my private money lenders says, Pace works very hard. Thank you, Paula. I hope you're coming to Vegas. I want to see you in Vegas. It'd be great to see you there. Okay. So I pay Paula. Simple interest. Thousands of dollars every month. I pay her simple interest. I don't pay her amortization. Now, why don't they want to be amortized? Why do they not want to be paid down? Was there, they want a good return. Okay. They want a great return. Now, Alex Cohen will sometimes do a long term amortized loan, but for them, they don't want to deal with it. They just want simple interest. Okay. Does that make sense, everybody? 800 people staying strong. I almost feel like I should lock out the zoom at this point. Rarely amortized. No ownership. They don't own the deal with me. Sometimes it's long term. Sometimes it's short term. Here's the problem with them. Here's the two problems with these types of whales. Okay. They're not going to go in second position for you. So it's not going to be great for subject two deals and seller finance deals and more be method deals and things of that nature. And the worst part about Alex, this is why I don't use Alex anymore is this guy is slow. When I got a deal, I got a, I got a, if I call like, Paula Finlayson or I call Yara or I call one of my other lenders, they jump on it. They fund the deal quickly. Even though Paula lives in Brazil right now, she funds the deal quickly. She gets things done. So would you guys say that my lenders are typically whales? Now, where do you find these people? Okay, I'll show you where we find these people. This is a really, you guys want to see how to find these people? Okay. Real that you guys honestly don't, the problem with this is I'm going to tell you and you're going to be like, really, there's no, that's not magical. That's not magical enough pace. Most of the stuff that you say is magical. This is not magical. Guys, first step, take notes. Where do I find these people? Anybody that owns a business, doctors, lawyers, attorneys, et cetera, that are too busy to be real estate investors themselves. Typically, they're a little bit older because they don't have the same hustle and grind. They kind of like over all that. It's not that they lost energy. It's just that they've been through it, right? They've been through it so they don't want that. Okay. How much does each personality type lend? The whale, the whales typically have $50 to $100 million net worth. They have a lot of money. They'll lend massive amounts of money. I never ran out of Alex's money. I did a lot of deals with him. Never once ran out of his money. Does that help you understand the whale? Does anybody have any specific question about whales? Specific question about whales. Don't ask me a question about like a novation agreement or something. Okay. Anybody? Okay, hold on there. Let's see. Hey, so have you ever had a whale use a $10.99 a as a form of payment? Yes, I have. What do whales care about the most? I've already, Cody, I've already answered this question, but I'll happily answer it again. This is what they care about right here. This is their care bucket. Leave me alone. Peem me my returns. I'm not in the business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving my money. I've just answered that question for you. That's their personality type. That's what they want. Have I answered that question properly? Why are they slow? Tyson Davis, you tell me why do you think they're slow? You must be a young kid, Tyson, because you don't understand what it's like to get a little bit older. I found myself this morning looking at the vines growing all over my house. I was like, I would have never cared about this as an 18-year-old, or a 25-year-old, or a 30-year-old. But now I'm nearing 40 and I'm like, those vines are beautiful. Then I live in a paradise. The older you get, the more your desires and everything changes, everything changes dramatically. The older you get, you focus your time and energy in other places. When whales get big and they have a lot of money, do you think they care about every individual deal and trying to make a big chunk of money on every little deal? They're like, you know what? I just want a safe return. I want to do it with people that I really think are awesome. That's it. You are not going to find a whale that's worth less than a million dollars. What about crowd funds? Russian Eskimovo, bro, you need a knuckle sandwich for lunch. That's what you need today. Jeff says, my kids are teasing me all the time because I point out my appreciation for trees. Yeah, I can tell you're not 18 years old. Have you personally used a whale to take over a large portfolio? Yes, I have. Those vines are nice on the house. Thank you, Tanisha. Okay, cool. Who? All right. Does everybody understand what's the length of term alone? They usually want one, two or three years. So they'll both, they'll do both short term or long term. But what they prefer, pay attention to this, guys, because this is so hard for you to understand. And I don't have time to ramp up to like make sure you understand this. They don't want to deal with paperwork. They don't want to deal with rig a mole roll. They don't want to be dealing with you turning over their money so frequently that they're cut. You guys know what happens when we, I'm going to walk you through the paperwork here in about an hour, maybe an hour and a half. But the paperwork is annoying, especially when you're worth a lot of money. You've got a lot of things going on. You want to spend your time chilling by your pool, vacationing, traveling, doing things, building other businesses, whatever. Do you think that you want to be bothered by a mobile notary coming by and stopping by? Because every time I borrow money from a lender and every time I pay off a lender, guess what I have to do. I have to do paperwork to receive their money. And I have to do paperwork to send them their money. And that paperwork verifies that they signed, they're okay with everything. That means they have to meet up with mobile noters. Do you think a whale really wants to have me turning his money over every three to six months? No. They're a personality type. They look at the, I'm going to break down the dolphins, the swimmers and some, and the sharks and some alligators, some other personality types. Dude, the alligator, the crocodile, essentially. They're okay with turning their money every 30 days. Okay? The whales, they don't want to be bothered with that. They move slower. Okay? Safe or return, slow, they just move slower and they're just bigger. Okay? They don't want to be bothered with paperwork. Okay? Is anyone here else here 18? A lot of people here are 18. Okay? Nancy, she's a mobile notary. So Nancy, do you ever go to private money lenders to pay off their notes in their needs of trust? I'm sure she does all the time. Okay? Are we all... Okay, so where do we find these people? I'm going to show you a couple places to find them. First place I find them is anybody that owns a business. So if they... If you... We have a couple of students in our mentorship that are just business owners that joined our mentorship just to lend money. One of them is a Chick-fil-A owner. He owns two Chick-fil-A stores. Makes $1.6 million a year in net income to his family. Do you think he's a good private money lender? Yeah. He doesn't have time. He's running two Chick-fil-A stores. Do you think he has time to find deals and manage projects and deal with realtors and mobile notaries and all that kind of crap? Or do you think he's... He's like, I want to be in real estate, but I don't want to be in real estate. You guys understand the difference? I mean, the personality types, they want freedom. They want to double down. Steve Allison says, yes, and he's a great guy. Okay? Now, next person... Actually, I don't want to jump into the next personality style. I want to show you guys how to find these lenders. Okay? I want to show you guys a very simple way to find these lenders. Okay, let's go to... Cool. Diamond. All right. All right. So... Let's see here. Sorry, guys. My wife sent me some cool stuff, and I want to send it to... I want to show it to you guys here in a little bit. I'm going to show you guys what notes and deeds of trust look like and paperwork. Guys, except... You guys feel like we're... Should I just end the Zoom right now? It's been an hour and 40 minutes. I think that you guys got enough value, right? Should we just be done right now? Or should I... I feel like I'm just getting started. Okay? Now, oh, by the way, did I tell you guys we're going to give away $10,000 today? We're giving away $10,000 today. We gave away a car last week on Wednesday. A $12,000 car. We gave away $10,000 to Christina. I wired the money to her. Should you guys the wire transfer? We're going to give away another $10,000 today as well. So that'll be pretty cool. All right. So we'll get to that later. It'll be the probably the last thing that we do. All right. So here's what I'm going to show you guys how to... Find a private money lender. Okay? Look at that. All right. Cool. So I've got a... There's a piece of software. You guys have to find private money lenders in just a second. Okay? And I will show you guys exactly how to find private money lenders in just a moment. But I need a page, a login page for something. I'm waiting for somebody to show me something. Okay. So let's go to the second personality type. All right. Second personality type is going to be... We all understand the first personality type. Cool. Let me reshare this. This is kind of funky. All right. Cool. So here we go. First personality type is a whale. Second personality type is a dolphin. Okay? Very different personality type. They actually want to be involved. They're very playful. Okay? A lot of these are doctors, lawyers, stuff like that that haven't really reached the point of being a whale yet. They really want to brag to their friends. Do you think the whale brags their friends about lending money to you? But the dolphin does. Okay? This one is so interesting. I'll show you guys exactly how to find these people. It's very interesting how to find these people. So typically they're a little bit higher interest rate. Eight to ten percent. They want simple interest. It's never amortized, which means it never pays down. It's interest only. Okay? It's interest only. They get no ownership. They will do both long term and short term. So long term is usually five to seven years. Short term is three to twelve months. They're fast. They fun deals very fast. Okay? They're agile like a dolphin, which is why I named them the dolphins. They're very talkative. They want to talk to you. These are long term relationships. These are people that you just love for a long, long time. These are amazing people. A couple places to find these people. Okay? Write this down. Okay? I'll write this down for you. It would be great. Okay? You guys don't even know this. Okay? Number one. The first place to find these lenders is from my seller's. I'm going to write this down for you. I'm going to write this down for you. It would be great. Okay? You guys don't even know this. Okay? I got one in my seller's. Okay? Have you guys ever watched wholesale hotline where I bring in desare my private money. Lender. Anybody seen those episodes where I bring in desare. I found her by buying her house wholesale. Okay? I literally she sold her house to us on Wolf Street. And she gave us $110,000. Or I'm sorry, we bought the house for $110,000. Now, it's sick to my stomach that I sold the house for $110,000. $10,000 is probably worth $350,000 right now. But she received $110,000. And what did I ask? Check this out, UE wins said the same thing. My seller is my private money lender on the house I'm buying from her. Pretty cool, huh? John Harcar says the same thing. That's exactly how I got my first lender. Now for those of you who are not, okay? Ryan Peterson same thing. Says we have $200,000 at 12% from a seller too. Where are you going to do with those proceeds? That's the question. There you go. So Desiree, I asked Desiree the question, what are you gonna do with the money? What are you planning on doing with the money? Have you guys ever watched my seller calls where I actually ask sellers, like, what are you gonna do with the money? It's a trained mechanism with me. Okay, now the problem is how many people in here are not marketing to sellers. Okay, you are not marketing to sellers. And so that's a problem, right? You're maybe working with agents, dummy real estate agents, and you're working with other people that have no ability to communicate with a seller. You're gonna be kind of screwed in that situation. You're not gonna be able to talk to a seller about their private money because you're not talking to sellers. You're talking to realtors who don't have any money, unfortunately. So you're not gonna get money that way, okay? But a really great way to find dolphins are your sellers. Okay, another way to find these people. Okay, you guys have seen me bring my lenders on here. Another way to find these people, a lot of times you'll go to meetups. Okay, third way to find them is having a podcast. Now, you guys all think this is an interesting thing. You guys all think that people that are running social media campaigns and they're on social media and all that kind of stuff, they're just trying to get attention. You're right. We are trying to get attention. We're trying to get eyeballs. Who's eyeballs are we trying to get? We're trying to get three people's eyeballs. Okay, three people's eyeballs, I'm trying to get every single day. I'm trying to get three people's eyeballs every day. I'm trying to get lenders, private money lenders. I want to bring private money lenders into my world and I want to go do big projects and do cool things with them. Second thing I want is I want to recruit employees or business opportunities. Okay, and the third thing that I want is I want deals. Those are the three things I want. So when you guys are not utilizing Instagram or social media or podcasts or YouTube or you're not coming into side chats like this, you're screwing yourself because you're second guessing what people are gonna think about you on social media. Okay, get a podcast, get a YouTube channel, post on Instagram, get on TikTok, do funny things. That truly is one of the greatest things you can do to find lenders like the dolphin. Okay, now there's a really great book that teaches some of this stuff. I already knew this, but when I read this book, let's see, Raising Private Capital, there it is. Great book. Matt Faircloth has now become a recent acquaintance and becoming friends with him, but check it out. Raising Private Capital. This is a good book. And if you read this book, it's about chapter six that it starts picking up, but he has a whole chapter on, look how highly rated this is. It's a great book. Okay, I would suggest getting this book and reading it. It's about chapter six that it starts actually educating you on things. Well, am I screen sharing right now or no, I'm not. Sorry. Here we go. So this is the book, Raising Private Capital using other people's money. Okay, really great book. It's by Matt Faircloth and he talks, he has a couple of good chapters and they're about social media and how that's now the new business card. So like a lot of you guys will think that you guys want me to teach you a really great strategy. It's very simple. Anybody can do it. Even you that don't use social media. If you don't use social media, say type in the word BEEP. Congratulations, you've played yourself. You have screwed yourself. I mean, you have guys, social media is the currency of our generation. Your business, guys, I haven't had a business card in six years. If you are printing business cards and flyers and doing that kind of stuff, you guys are screwing up. Oh my gosh, use social media. If you are not using social media, you are dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. In fact, here's the word you should type in. If you are not using social media to gain either deals, recruit employees or business partners or private money lenders, type in the word irresponsible because that's what you are. You're irresponsible. You're an irresponsible business owner. You're not taking yourself seriously and you're not utilizing modern era techniques to further your business. Okay. You're freaking irresponsible. That's what you are. Write that down on a piece of paper. Write it down on your notes. You are freaking irresponsible. Irresponsible. People are like, I hate this, guys. There's always 10% of people that watch my stuff that just hate me because of the way I teach, but it's true. You guys are irresponsible if you're not using social media. Okay. Now, let me show you another thing that's pretty freaking dope. You guys ready for like a super ninja tactic? All right, check it out. So my wife sent me a screenshot. I wouldn't be nowhere without my wife, by the way. Check this out. Let's pull this up. So this morning I sent her text like 552. I was like, hey, can you pull up a house of ours that has two lenders on it? I need copies of deeds of trust for house with more than one lender. So my wife goes to SmartView Online. She found this house that we just sold. This is Frank West Capital. This is our hard money lender and you can click on that. I'm not gonna click on that because that's a hard money lender. That's easy. We'll talk about that in a little bit. And then Deborah Stevenson, one of my private lenders, an individual. Okay. She said you sold it last week, but it's the first one that comes in mind. So check this out. Watch how simple this is. Public record shows these documents. This is public record, guys. Okay, when recorded, look, official records. Check this out. Guys, official records of Maricopa County recorder. Steven Ricker. Hey, I'm on a Zoom with 800 people. They all, was that a good call? Give me a couple hours. Yep. Sorry guys, that was Cody Barton, my partner. Okay, so can we see that this is recorded on Maricopa County records? Every county does this. There's not a county in the country. Listen to me. Deborah Stevens is in second position. Some of you guys don't know what second position is, but I will teach you what second position is. Can I find second position lenders online with public record? Did any of you guys know that? Did anybody actually know that you can do this? So when people say, where do I find lenders? Where do I find private lenders? Guys, it's on public record. Go to your county recorder's office and pull up every house that has a second lean position on it. Okay, so this is my lender. Here's our document. This is the deed and this is the deed of trust. This is what gave her security. We'll get into paperwork and all that kind of stuff in a little bit, but this is what gave her security was this deed of trust. And here she is. That's Cody signing and saying, yes, we're gonna pay her back. But this is how you can pull up. Let's see, does it show how much she gave us? Let's see. Oh yeah, there it is right here. This deed of trust is given for the purpose of securing, right? Check that out. $60,000. We borrowed from Deborah Stevenson. $60,000 from Deborah Stevenson. Okay. Now, do you think it's pretty easy to now find? Look at this. Equity Trust Company, custodian FBO Deborah Stevenson IRA. West Lake, Ohio. Could I maybe skip trace Deborah Stevenson and could I maybe find Deborah Stevenson? And I could say, hey, I saw you loaned money on this house on Diamond. I'm looking for private money lender. Feel like you guys have you guys fallen asleep? This is not valuable anymore. I honestly should just finish the Zoom right now because if you guys ever say, you don't need social media, you could just go here, right? You could just go to public data. That's my private money lender is on public data. On every deal I've ever done, my private money lenders are on every deal. You guys can pull up every house I give you and you can find my private money lenders. You can find out how much interest I'm paying them. You can find out the structure in which I'm paying them because the agreement, which is the note and the deed of trust are recorded on county records everywhere. All 50 states is recorded on all 50 county recorders offices. So if you ever asked the question of how do I find a private money lender ever again, what would you call yourself? Would you call yourself a knucklehead? Lazy, you showed up late. Is there any possible way that you could ever say you can't find a private money lender? It is on public record every state, every county has public record of people's security on real estate. Okay? I'm trying to get you guys. I'm trying to get you guys to understand this by being really terse with you. This is not my normal personality. This is my personality when I'm talking to free Zoom. People that have never paid me. I don't know how most of the people that watch YouTube, like in my YouTube lives, man, no offense to them, but they are like all just consumers of content. They're so used to, bro. Okay. They're so used to just consuming content you don't actually learn anything. So I'm trying to get you to stop, pause for a second and think about this. Where can I find private money lenders? I've never found a private money lender at a golf course. Never once. I met him. I'm a member of a golf course. I'm a member of Mesa Country Club and I've never found a private money lender there. Now, those guys are private money lenders, but they don't want to be bothered. You think men go to the golf course to be bothered by other men about lending money? No. Larry Fitzgerald is a member of my Country Club and he's the nicest guy in the world, but he very, his body language has lead me alone. I'm here to get away from all the bullshit. I don't want to be around my wife. I don't want to be around my kids. I just need a couple of hours to myself. Do you think men want to be bothered about money on the golf course? No. No, no, no, no. People think that that's where you find private money. Country Club is not where you find private money. People say chambers of commerce, but I've never raised money from chambers of commerce. I've just given you some of the greatest places to find them. Let me see if I can find one. Now, here's the thing. I'll show you a couple of different personality types, but most of the lenders I have are not who you guys would think they are. Most of you guys are probably thinking like these people are worth. What would you guys say the average private money lender I have is worth? Just throw a number out. How much do you think my average private money lender is worth? Interesting. I'd say my average private money lender is probably worth 150,000 to $500,000. Legitimately, you guys are overthinking the private money lending situation dramatically. You guys think that when you guys, and this is why I'm doing this, this is a mindset shift for you guys, everybody thinks of a private money lender as this. I have two private money lenders that are Wales too. I probably have 30 or 40 that are dolphins. People that are like, hey, I don't know that I ever want to be like an investor, but I want to be active, I want to brag to my friends. I'll stop by the projects every once in a while. These are doctors, lawyers, engineers, these are nurses, stuff like that. Now, the swimmer is where the majority of my private money lenders came from for a very long time. Swimmers, right? Because I'm going to Rias, I'm going to meet ups, I'm going to places where other people are trying to invest, but the problem with most people trying to invest is they might have a little bit of money, 20, 30, 40, $100,000, but they're like, I can't find deals. I don't know how to find deals, I don't know how to talk to sellers, I don't know how to get an acquisition person, I don't know how to get a house under contract. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know like all that kind of stuff. Have you guys, has anybody ever felt like I want to get into real estate? I have 30, 40, 50,000 dollars, but I don't know how to get my hands into a transaction. That's typically a swimmer. That's somebody's like, I'm sick of talking about it. I'm sick of paying for education. I'm sick of being on YouTube, thinking it's teaching me anything. I'm sick of reading books and going to semis or doing all that kind of stuff. I just need to put 30 grand or 50 grand or $100,000 into a deal. That is a swimmer. Because what they learn is they learn by doing. They learn by being in a transaction. This is where most of my private money lenders come to me. They come to me for a temporary period of time. A retiree is typically not a swimmer. They are typically a dolphin. They don't really want to do it themselves. They just want to be active in it until their friends are doing it. That's a dolphin. A swimmer is somebody who actually is going to come in, say teach me how to swim and then they will leave. They're going to leave, leave, leave you. Every one of my swimmers leaves me. Every one of them might be a year, might be two years, it might be three years, but every single one of my swimmers ends up learning how to swim and leaving me. I get a lot of people. I'm gonna give you guys my email. If you guys are wanting to be a swimmer with us, there's my email. You guys can also be a camel with us. I'm gonna tell you what a camel is. The swimmers are in the deal. They're in my Slack channel. This is what's kind of cool about swimmers. We do a little screenshot on the Slack channel for anybody really wants to understand this. So the Slack channel, if you guys are in my deal, let's see what's a deal that we're actively, let's see, where's Coolidge? Coolidge, here Coolidge, isn't good one. Okay, so Cool, oh, this one's almost done. Cool. You can see inspection reports. You'll see the way that our team communicates. You'll see my wife and there all the time here she is. By the way, 30-day old baby and my wife is in here cranking. You get, who has excuses? Not my wife. Holy crap, this looks insane. There's no way this is the same freaking house. Oh, it's the wrong, why did she, oh, that's diamond. Sorry, Coolidge. There we go. Way different house. This house was on the TV show of Triple Digit Flip, Jamil and I walked across this pool. It was so full of trash. And look at the plumbing getting done. You guys can see the way my team communicates. You can see the way we manage our finances. You can see my bookkeeper in here. You'll be, if you were a swimmer, okay? In one of our projects, you would be one of my lenders attached to this deal. You would actually be, if I pulled up all the people on this deal, you can see who my lender is, okay? Oh, Debbie Lou. Debbie Lou's my lender here. So right here, Debbie Lou. Is Debbie in here? Debbie are you in here? She might not be in here. Who knows Debbie Lou? Okay, a lot of people know Debbie Lou. Debbie Lou has loaned me millions of dollars. Now, it doesn't mean she has millions of dollars. It's just that she's been into multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple transactions in mind. So Debbie Lou lends money because she's like, I don't have time to find deals like you guys do, but I want to be actively involved in deals. No, $20,000 is not too small of a amount of money to be a private money lender. No, okay? We have private money lenders at fund $5,000, $10,000, $20,000, all that kind of stuff, okay? So again, if you guys are wanting to be a swimmer, you can be a swimmer on our team. You can learn how to swim. You can be involved in the deal. Just send me an email and I'll put you in touch with Molly, okay? I thought Tony counts as a private money lender. I message her apparently she's done. She's not a private money lender. She's my bookkeeper. She runs all my books. You'll see her in every one of my transactions. She runs a bookkeeping, okay? She makes sure that all of our lenders get paid. She's not a lender. She's a person that pays the lender, okay? So, do we understand what a swimmer is? Okay. All right, cool. Now, typically with a swimmer, they just want, you know what, they're super sweet. They wish they were you. This is what their desires are. Teach me how to do it. I want to get involved. I'm sick of talking about him. Sick of wanting to sit. I'm basically sitting on the banks of the river, wishing I was in their swimming. Teach me how to swim in the river so I can just get involved. They want to learn by doing. Who's a learn by doing type of person, right? Now, usually we're paying 10 to 12% interest. That's simple interest. There's no, it's not being paid down. It's interest only. They get no ownership. It is always short term. They never really want to do long term. And they are okay with second lean position all day long. Debbie Lewis and second position on that deal, okay? Let's see, they want to do their own. They want to do their own thing one day. And that's why they're lending money to you. So they can be in it. They just want to learn, okay? That's the swimmer. Cool. Now, next person is the shark, okay? They're already doing deals, okay? They're already doing deals, but they don't have enough deals, but they have a lot of money. So they're going to come in. They're going to move and shake. They're already doing real estate. They're smart, smart, smart, smart, and they're hungry, hungry, hungry. They want what's on your plate too, okay? Interest is really not interesting to them because they understand the person that makes the majority of the money is the person doing the deal. So what do they want? A guy's, I'm a shark. Okay, I don't lend money to people because I have more money than I have deals, okay? So I'm not really going out there. Like, I'm not, for me, I'd rather just find more deals than lend money to you because I know I had to find deals. But if somebody comes to me and goes, Hey, I want you to lend money to you and go, great, give me ownership and equity. Plus 12% interest. It's typically short term and they want control, okay? They want control. Now, you guys are going to have to learn how to differentiate these people by having conversations with them and say, what are you looking for? What do you need? What do you want? This is a shark. These are people that are active real estate investors that are actively doing deals. Once they get a taste for blood like a shark, they just want more of it. Okay, so what happens is a lot of times, these swimmers turn into sharks over time, okay? That's my job. When you are lending money to me, you start as a swimmer. I teach you how we do what we do. And one day you leave me and you end up starting to lend money to other people and you gain equity in other people's stuff. You need to know how to be a private money lender properly and when you finally do learn how to do it, you become a shark, okay? And shark is not hard money, by the way. Sorry, Gary, it's not hard money. We're not talking about hard money today. Okay. Tech-Chang and a bunch of people have their hands raised. Do you guys have specific questions as it pertains to raising capital because if you don't, I will cut you off in the middle of your sentence. Tech, how you doing? I was typing in there, I said I'm good, don't worry about it. Awesome, Chad. We share it. Hello, can you hear me okay? I can hear you great, how you doing? Hey, I'm doing awesome. I am a newer student of yours. Very thankful to be a part of your sub-two program now. Thank you, bro. Yeah, yeah. The first deal was that I got was thanks to yours and Brent's video on the on door knocking on pre-four closure. Yeah, on the eight ways. That's a great video. That's a great Sunday. Yeah, I got a $93,000 deal from that. So thanks. No way. Yeah. You got a $93,000 deal from Brent and my, it was the pre-four closure mastery in 2020. Yeah, that's amazing. And I'm actually doing a podcast with him in a couple weeks. I've got so many deals, I've got multiple deals under contract made 34,000 just in land stuff last month. And amazing. And you'll have to excuse me, I'm watching my two kiddos. So, it's all good. Might get a little wild, but so anyway, I just haven't actually had a chance to say thank you. I've been a part for about a month, so. How's it been? You enjoy being part of the community? Oh my gosh. It's the best, best in the world. It's indescribable, honestly. Like, it's impossible for me to describe the sub-to community to people who are on the outside. They think it's like some fictitious world that I've made up, but it's definitely not. No, it's incredible. So, super thankful to be here. Thanks for taking my question. I came in, raised my hand first, because I've got about four deals under contract right now. Six total, but two are closing this week. A couple of them I'm going to need. Well, several need some private money. So, I just had a quick question about that. Hopefully, that's OK. Yes, I was. Hold on one second. Hold on. So, I have a private money lender, like one who's a family member has a lot of money. And they don't really want to fool with sending me wires and short-term stuff. And part of my problem has been, and I've got a banker as well. He's actually wanting to send me clients, because he wants to learn from me. And as a result, I'm my biggest bottle neck right now. And sorry for my kids crying in the background. My kids grow. Don't worry about it. OK, OK, I love them. They're wonderful. But my biggest concern is trying to understand how to structure, like how to present it to them. Like, for example, like a family member's like, yeah, can I just give you $100,000? And then you pay me interest on that a year and do what you want with it. And I'm like, OK, that could work. But there's this thought process that I don't understand. Well, if some of that's illiquid, and I put it into something, and they want their $100,000 back at the end of the year. So I just don't really know how to set this up, because I'm talking to a banker. And he's got private money relationships. I might offer him, I don't know, like, a percent or something just rebranding it to me, because I'm in this mode where I'm like, I'm already creating such a tax burden on myself. And after watching your videos, I'm realizing, wow, that's really stupid. To keep wholesaling when I can keep stuff. So that's brought me to my next problem, which is private money. And the only problem right now is I don't know how to sell it. I don't know how to sell it, like, come to them confidently and know what I'm going to do with their money. I know where to put it, but I don't know how to structure it. OK, so Chad, let me pause you for a second, because you're asking five different questions. You think you're a sponsor? Yeah, that's what you do the case. OK, so first and foremost, you don't sell private money lenders. They either want to lend money to you or they don't. Do you heard Yara a little bit a little bit ago? Do you think I had to sell Yara on lending money to me? No. OK, so if you ever feel like you have to sell somebody on lending money to you, then they're not a private money lender. Got it. What I'm more so meant was I know what you meant. I know what you meant. I'm just trying to close that word off for 830 people watching. Got it. You don't remember. I'm talking through you to 830 people, right? I'm answering your question, not just for yourself, but 830 people. So let's close the word sell a private money lender out of our vocabulary. I know that's not necessarily what you meant, but I'm just making sure that that is addressed before I move on for everybody else. Guys, do we sell private money lenders on bringing money to us? Or do you think you think I had to sell Yara on lending money to me? Do you think I had to sell Debbie Lou or Paul if in Lason or other people that are in the side chat on lending money to me? That's not what we do here. OK, there's a tremendous benefit to these lenders. And I haven't gone through the other personality types, but I'll show you a couple of different personality types here after I answer this question. Where'd you, oh, did you mute yourself? You muted yourself. Oh, raise your hand again. So we're not, we don't sell private money lenders, OK? So the conversation here, Chad, Chad, did you mute yourself on purpose? Because your kids were being rowdy. Yeah. Bro, you don't need to worry about that. I got kids too. OK, all right. OK, what happens when I unmute you? I also lower your hands so you're no longer at the top. So then I have to go filter through 830 people to unmute you again. You know what I'm saying? OK, cool. Just keep yourself unmuted. You're fine. OK. OK, so you have somebody has $100,000, OK? So the structure, listen to this, everybody. 832 people, the structure of the deal is determined by the deal itself and the desire of the lender. OK? So do you know what the desire of the lender is? Yes, doing as little as possible. Here's $100,000. Pay me 10% and do what you want with it. OK, interesting because you just told me the structure of a deal. And you're asking me how to structure the deal. Well, if I take that 100 and put it in multiple deals, I'm concerned about the liquidity and being able to pull that money out and giving it back. If I have it spread out over 15 to like 10 different deals, OK? I can't. The reason you're filling that way is because you're new to brazing private capital. So let's remind ourselves the ways I pay people back. One of the ways I pay people back is either from my cash flow, right? I could also refinance. Or I could even replace that lender with another lender. So do you think it's plausible that in the next year that either A, your family member is going to enjoy receiving this check every single month that they'll actually enjoy keeping their money involved with you even beyond the year they're thinking. Do you know why they're telling you a year, Chad? Because they think that's appropriate. And they haven't had the taste of the blood of receiving that check. So as you start, here's a really great one. OK, I have a lender, Allison Gustafson, who I just paid off. Let me show you a little quick text message with Allison, OK? With Allison, I told her, hey, I'm paying you off. OK, and what she says is she says, oh, no. Do you have other in what's funny? Let me show this to you. This was March 10. So this is really recent. OK, this one's a really good one for you to see because it pertains to you because it's the psychology. And guys, I'm answering a question that a lot of you people will have. OK, I'm answering a question. A lot of you will end up happening having. So even though you don't have it right now, believe me, you will run into having this at some point. OK? So here's the answer. Right here with Allison, let's see, there it is. Allison, I text her out. I text her on March 10. Paying you off today, Tony or Molly will be reaching out for the payoff soon. She says, do you have any others we can invest in? I have a missionary that it was paying for. So she's a Mormon. Obviously, Mormons have missionary children that are out on their missions. I have a missionary that it was paying for. And you guys are awesome. And it's been amazing investing with you. She listened to this chat originally told me she only wanted to lend money to me for six months because she didn't know what it felt like to receive a simple interest check only every month without her principal balance ever dwindling. So she loaned us. I think she loaned us $48,000. A year and four months later is how long I've had this money. A year and four months later, how much money do I still owe her? Chad. The same amount. $48,000, right? Mm-hmm. But she's received a check every single month. So she started out saying, I only want to give you six months of this money. Why? Is that because of the desire she had or because of her inexperience based on never receiving a simple interest only check? The inexperience. Okay. So could we, is it plausible to say that your family member that has never received a check from you is giving you a short time frame of 12 months because they don't have the level of trust yet that would allow them to go beyond the 12 months. That's true. Okay. That's option A. I'm going to move to option B, but I just want to close the door on that. That in your mind, you need to understand a lot of times people put limitations on how long they want to have their money with you because they don't understand how awesome it is to receive just a simple interest only check. And Allison, same exact thing. I don't know. I guess I could go to six months. I could go to six months. Bro, now she's like, wait, you're paying me off. Do you have any others we can invest in? And of course, I have a big multi-family project that I'm putting people into right now. And so she's excited. She's rolling her money into that deal. So the second thing that you need to know, what first thing we need to know is that a lot of people that put in their short time frame just need to be shown that they're going to receive a check and that they're secure in real estate. So if at the end of 12 months, it's not that their money's gone. It's just that you might be able to say, hey, I need another six months or another 12 months on this money. And I'll bump you from 10% to 11% for this second year. You can renegotiate. Okay. And that's what I would do is at the, let's say you go to the 11 month mark and option C is not available for you. Option A is your family member is going to extend because they're now used to this money. It's going to be money to them, right? I almost want to show you guys my coin based account to show you my crypto. Anybody that invests in crypto, Bitcoin, Ethereum, all that kind of stuff, it's a total scam. It's total in stocks are the same. It's all the same bullshit. It's a scam. So what's happened is over the last year of me investing in stocks and crypto and all this other stuff, I've lost money. If I took that same amount of money and I put in real estate, I would have quadrupled my money, right? So lending on real estate is the only, only, only safe investment. It is the only safe investment. Everything else is a risk and everything else is a gamble. Real estate is not a gamble. It's only a gamble based on if you have a short time frame. So let's say that the market does crash in six months, Chad, which is totally plausible. It doesn't mean that your family members lost their money. It just means they have to wait a little bit longer to get it. So in option A, your family member is either going to say, Hey, let's extend this. This party's awesome. I want to stay longer at the party or they're going to say, or the market's going to crash and you go, Hey, I need to extend based on circumstances, but your money is still safe. And I'm still making cash flow and all that kind of stuff. The property is worth half of what it was when I bought it, but the cash flow is still the same so I can still pay you. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. That's the answer you want to hear, but that's a real answer. That's okay. I like answers. I don't want to hear. Okay. Next part, let me, let me finish these last other two options and then you, I'll, you, I'll pause and you can ask another question. So option B would be to sell the properties and pay them off. Right. If it's like a family member that you're fearful of losing a relationship because you have to extend, then just go to option B and sell the property. Option C would be refinance the property, right? Or option D, go and find another lender and replace them. And after a month or two of them not getting that check anymore, they'll go, hey, do you have another project that can invest in? So those are your options. What are your, what questions do you have? Well, and also I'm trying to just not just use a family member. So I'm, I'm raising private capital in all the other ways that you said, sellers, all that good stuff. But one thing as far as integrity goes that I would be concerned about would be, if she's like, okay, here's 100, you know, basically revolving line of credit or if something, maybe it'd be an account I could draw from. I don't know. I'm still saying, no, no, no, no, never, ever, ever, ever, ever do that. Well, that was my concern. That's what I was trying to figure out because, bro, I get people that come to me and go, hey, I'll just wire you 100 grand directly to you and you can use it however you want. Never do that. That's what I was saying. Because I don't want the money. I wanted to go to escrow. I want it to be, I want it to all be handled that way. You know, like you were, that was my question was, if she's like, always, again, at the very, at the very beginning of this live, two, two and a half hours ago, I said, very Russian Eskimo, it's not an important question because it's an, it's a question I've already answered at the very beginning. What did I say? I said, never under any circumstances, take money in your personal account, your business account, it always goes where escrow escrow. Yes. It's always 100% tied to a real estate transaction and every single time you buy your lender, a lender's policy, 100% of the time. If you how long? Sorry. Go ahead. How long? It's interesting that I've already answered this question though, like in depth. No, I, I was listening. I know, but this is, this is me saying this out loud for me. Like, how do I, how do I do this better? Because I answered this very specifically earlier, but I, I think it's just that earlier in the zoom, it's interesting to hear it, but it only becomes important when it's your specific deal that you can actually put the deals together, which I appreciate because this, I think answers it for a lot more people because it's now like an actual circumstance. So I appreciate it. I'm just speaking out loud for myself for like, how do I educate better? Absolutely. So what's your question about that? Well, it was just saying she was basically, Hey, here's this available capital. We'll figure out a way to structure that and she's just been like, let me send it. Let me send it. And I've been saying, no, no, like not going to happen. I don't care who you are. I'm not going to take money into any account that is not linked with an attorney for the sake of the table. If God himself came down and told me, God himself comes down and says, here's a, here's a chest of gold. I'd say take it to the title company. That's awesome. I don't want to touch your money. The only way I'm ever going to touch your money is after the transaction is closed, the title company that gave you a lender's policy to protect your money, then distributes the money from their account to my account. The flow needs to be documented properly. And it needs to have protection with a note and a deed of trust on every deal. So if you don't know how long, absolutely, if you don't know how long you're going to need the money for say, but you in the note, okay? So this is where we're going to get into the paperwork here shortly. But the way you structure a deal, let me ask you guys a question. Pay attention to this because this is going to answer the question of how do I struck? How do I do the paperwork? How do I do the paperwork? Guys, there's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. You guys know that? There's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. There is, I'm going to say it again. There's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. It's called a note and a deed of trust. It's a promissory note. It's literal. It's very literal. I promise to pay you and whatever I promise you, we're putting this in a note, a document, a note. Therefore, it's called a promissory note. I promise everything in this note is how I'm going to pay you back. Okay. It's called a promissory note. That note is secured, recorded. The document is taken by the, by the title company, not by you, by the title company, and the title company goes to the county recorder's office and records it on the digital property. So that if I pull up a property on the county recorder's office, it's going to show who owes what money on that house. Through a deed of trust or a mortgage, depending on what state you're in. So what a promissory note is actually called. This is what you guys want to hear. What a promissory note is actually called. It also called a note. People make it very short and they call it a note. When we say the word note, we actually, we're doing it wrong. Okay. Let's see, a promissory note. Let's see, this one's really good. I'll pull this one out. Chad, this is a great question. Thank you for bringing this up. Thanks. By the way, this has been answered to probably the 10th degree. Inside of our sub two stuff. So if I don't get all the way through it and you still have questions, I would go and answer that. I would get that answer somewhere else or more in depth in the. Let's see, more in depth in the in the sub two vaults. Hold on a sec. I think it's 78. This is all important and I just, I'm so visual that I have to see the stuff myself. And so let me share this with you. So this is the doc, these are the documents that you sign with a lender. Okay, the lender right here. Look at this. Look what it's actually called. It's a note secured by a deed of trust. Okay. Secured means recorded, digitally recorded at the county recorders office. So these are the documents that you'll be able to see on anybody's property. So my, this is a seller finance note, seller finance it to me. And then you'll, you'll go down here. This is how long it is. It's literally one page with a signature. It's very simple and it's just, um, you know, regular monthly installments of $375 with interest of 0% this is 0% seller finance deal I did. Yes, I am a gangster. Um, then here's the deed of trust right here. Okay. This is the recording number. Okay. So recording requested by East title agency. And when it's recorded, please mail a copy of it to these people. Here's the escrow number. Here's the recording number. Guys, do you see how important this is? This is recorded against the property on county recorders office. This is very, very important for you. Whether you are a private money lender or you are taking private money, 100% of every dollar you ever receive or give needs to be recorded with a note and a deed of trust through a title company or closing attorney without any exception whatsoever. Chad muted himself again because this kids. Nope. I'm listening. You there? Yes, sir. So what question do you have now? Okay. Um, so my a lot of times I don't know how long I'm going to need the money for. Okay. So here's the magical thing about a note. Literally anything I can imagine can be written in that note. Okay. So what I would do is I'd say something to my family member like, hey, I don't know exactly how much time it's going to take. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say two years or less. I'm going to, I'm going to bake it out a long time or I'll even put in the note. Literally Chad anything I can imagine I can put my note. You know one of my notes with my seller. Okay. I did this. I did this with one of my sellers. This is legitimately true. I did this just to show students a year and four months ago that you can do anything with a note. Okay. So I negotiated with my seller on my Atlanta property that every time I come into Atlanta, she had to take me to dinner. It is literally in my note that she has to take me to dinner. That is our agreement. Anything I want can be written in a note. No joke. So whatever your worry is, your issue, your whatever, you have to remember, how is a deal structured? I already told you it's structured by what is the deal you were doing and what is the desire of the lender? Okay. So your deal, I don't know when I'm going to be able to pay you back. So why not give yourself a buffer that makes you comfortable and your lender? Hey, lender, I don't know how long I'm going to keep this. So I'm going to put in the note if you're okay. I'm going to put in the note that it will be on or before this future day. I'm going to try and pay you as fast as possible, but I'm going to give myself a lot more runway just in case some s***s happen. Does that make sense? Yes it does. Has that sufficiently sufficiently answered the question? Yes it has. Okay. Now what I would do, Chad, is when you get into that situation with the lender and you're with your title company, I would come into one of our sub-tuses, Zooms, Tuesday, Q&A or Sunday Q&A that I do and go, hey, pace, I'm working on my note. I've got it all the way to that finish line and I will literally like, I've paid my title company to write other students' notes for them and go through it and you'll as you watch, actually go. There's a couple of really good zooms that I've had my private title company that I own come in and structure notes for people and my students are all like, wait, there's no way it's that easy. My guess, that easy. Sometimes you just need to be shown how easy it is because you've never done it before, right? So when you get to that point, whatever you feel comfortable with and the lender feels comfortable, that's what you end up putting in the note and the note is, do I write the note or does the title company write the note? The title company. That is correct. They, you tell them what you want and they draft it and then who records it against the county recorders office? They do. They do. And why do I record against the county recorders office? One, that's one of the five things I give a lender to give them security is a note indeed of trust. That's one of five things I give them. Okay. A lender's policy is the second one. Okay. But I recorded against the county recorders office because let's say I try and sell the property. Can I sell the property? Can I refinance the property? Can I do anything with that property without the permission of my lender? No. But what if there was no note indeed of trust secured to the property? Could I do whatever I wanted with that property? Absolutely. Right. So I don't care who you are. I don't care who they are. I don't care where the money's coming from or what the deals for 100% of the time put it on a note indeed of trust that makes sense for both of you. Okay. Can I ask one more question? I know of course. I think a lot of you will probably learning a lot from this. So I'll answer whatever you got. I really appreciate your time. Thank you so much. So I got to kind of figure this out by Wednesday because I'm actually using 25 grand to get a smoke and awesome deal. But are there any fixed terms? Like that you're like this has always got to be in here as a CYA. And then like you just talked about paperwork. I basically just tell the attorneys, hey, this is what I went in there because I pretty much have to know this by Tuesday to structure this to tell them. So. Okay. Yes. I actually. Hey, there's Daniel Mori. He's one of the people I've paid my title company to do a a note indeed of trust form. Awesome. So yes, standard stuff. Okay. In a note indeed of trust, first and foremost, your title company or your closing attorney, I can tell you have drafted thousands of notes. Indeed of trust. Okay. You're not going to have to tell them what the standard stuff is. They already have a standard template that they use at their closing office. 100. You going to them and educating them or telling them, here's the basics. Would be somewhat offensive. Right. Right. So, but I understand what you're asking. The number one thing is what's my interest rate? When am I being paid? Right. So let's let's look at that. Let's pull up that note indeed of trust one more time with that seller and you are the person that gave me seller finance of 0% seller finance. Let's pull this up and I'll show you the terms of this deal. And you'll understand it's a very one. It's a one page, but it's very basic. Let's pull this up. All right. Cool. 822 people. Are you guys learning anything today? Or is this pace is just intense day? Okay. Cool. So, um, here we go. I promise to pay. Okay. So, the undersigned jointly and severally promised to pay, Dell and Susan. So, that's the people who are lending them money to me. And I'm paying them. Where am I paying them? How am I paying them? Where is it being paid? It's being paid. Title, tight, Magnus title servicing. So, I actually hired a servicing company to manage my payments for me. Okay. That's something I will teach only to sub two students is what servicing companies are and what they do, etc. I'm not going to teach that in this zoom. So, you want to say, who is it going to? Where do I actually make the payment? What is the principle sum? Okay. And then you want to say, this one had a down payment on it. So, I actually structured. This is the most one of the most gangster deals I ever did because I structured my down payment. So, they even sell or financed my down payment to me. So, I won't go over that section. So, in regular monthly installments of $375 or more, so can I pay more money if I wanted to in this situation? Chad. Yes. Okay. Able on or before the same day of the month, beginning in 2020, with interest all on all unpaid principle at the rate. So, there we go. We've got the interest rate. So, here we go. We've got who? We've got how much is the principle? We've got what are my payments? What's my interest rate? Where am I making the payments to? And how many payments and how long? So, you see this? Literally everything is in one little paragraph. So, what I would do is I will put this note. I'll put a screenshot of this note in the Facebook group for sub-tool real quick. Okay. Let me take a little screenshot of it for you. You can go in there and just take this. And you can give this to your peeps. Okay. So, again, we've got who the money is owed to. We've got how much is owed to them? Starting at what date? What is my monthly payment specifically? Is that payment principle and interest? Or is it just principle? Is it just interest? What is it? Right? What's the terms? Is it amortized? Interest only? What are the terms of the money? And what day I'm supposed to pay? Then even in this, I have a late charge of $25 if I pay it 10 days later than I'm supposed to. So, I have a 10 day leeway. What's the word I'm looking for? Grace period. If 10 day grace period and then after it's $25 late fee, right? So, that's basically the terms of the entire thing. So, when people say, what are the terms? Well, it's pretty simple. Right? Yes, it is. Right? So, what's another question you have for me? Okay. So, I'm going to be closing on a deal Wednesday for $25,000. I'm going to talk with a family member. I'm also raising more private capital for feature. Like you had said, they did to diversify that. So, I'm going to call the title company, tell them my terms, to get that set up. We can do anything. So, you'd probably recommend if we can interest only. But, you're saying we can make principal payments ahead of time if we want to. Here's the problem with this. Okay, here's the problem with principal payments. Is that, do you think that your lender wants you to make principal payments in them every month? Or is that just something you want to do? Right. Well, yeah, they'd rather have the interest. And not get out of your brain right now. Okay. Your lenders will get your guts if every single month, they have to restructure their note. And because think about it, your note, indeed, of trust is based on a specific dollar amount. And you had to have a title company go and record that against the record at the recorders office. So, let's say every month, you go, hey, here's your interest for what I owe you. And then also, here's an incremental payment of principal. Let's go back to that note indeed, trust and record a new one because now I don't owe you the same principal. Right. Would they, would you, if you were a lender of mine in every month, I was having you restructure the note indeed of trust because I paid down part of your principal. Wouldn't you freaking just hate my guts and not want to lend money to me again? Absolutely. Okay, so do you think you should be paying your principal down along the way? Nope. Okay, so what should I do with those, that money? So on my deal with Sonya, what I did is I actually put it into an account and I let it stack up. And then at the end of the 12 months, I just paid her off in one fell swoop. Got it. Makes sense? It does. I'll actually tell you what I did with, I'll actually, you want to know what I did with Sonya's money? Sure. As I was stacking up the money, I was going to pay to her. I put it in my transactional funding account and I'll teach you guys about transactional funding here in just a little bit. I put it in my transactional funding account so I would do transactional lending with that 20 or 15 or 30,000 for people for just a day or two. I have people all the time hitting me up and saying, hey, will you lend earnest money to me? I need $2,500 for earnest money. I have a deal right now where somebody's asking me to lend $212,000 of earnest money on a big portfolio deal for like two weeks. And they go, we'll pay you $10,000. They go, how about you pay me two of the houses? I'll pay your earnest money for the two of the houses. And I'm legitimately in that negotiation to get two houses out of this big portfolio they're buying because I was willing to just temporarily give them the $212,000 they need to close escrow on that deal. So wouldn't it be smart for you, Chad, to accumulate the principle that you're owing them and you just put it to the side based on your cash flow and then use that money to do transactional lending by networking with other people in the sub-to community. Who needs earnest money? Who needs this? Who needs that? I can fund your money for, I can fund you for 10 days for whatever you need. And now you're a shark. Now you're getting little bites of other people's stuff. It's actually not a shark. That's a alligator. I'll show you what an alligator is. So that's what I did with Sonya. I accumulated that money that $30,000 and I was doing transactional lending and actually compounding it faster. That's a whole like another thing I can jump into when we're in a process. Yeah, I'll jump into that more like in a private sub-to zoom. But I'll show you how that gets structured and like how to do that specifically. But that's what you should do with that money not paying off your lender month in and month out. That's stupid and annoying for the lender. Your lender, guess how long that lender is going to want to be your lender? Not long. I would. I'd be like, are you freaking kidding me? You're annoying. On another zoom, I'll ask you how you put that in for profit first and your holdings or the other LLC. So remember profit, bro. Profit first is for an account that's making money, right? It's a business. If I have a lending business over there, right? If I have a lending business, it's just one account and I'm using that account as a lending business. They take those distributions and the profit from that and I throw that up to a holding account and that holding account has profit first. Right. Okay. I don't need to have profit first in every single account. That's craziness. Got it. Okay. Makes sense? It does. What else you got? I think that's it. I know I'm going to think of four things after but that's all you'll see me on Tuesday. It's come to me on Tuesday, zoom. I might do another bonus on Monday because this coming week, I'm speaking on the 10x stage in Miami, boom, boom, boom, which is cool. And I will not be available Friday, Saturday, Sunday, which is when I typically do all my bonus zooms for the sub two students. I won't be there, but I'll just come to me on Tuesday. Go talk to me. Is it a closing attorney? Yes. I'm in North Carolina. Charlotte. Love it. Okay. So I do deals in North Carolina and I we use a go to here's what I want you to I want you to Chad Glover. You're a newer student. You probably don't know who Chad Glover is. I do know to Chad Glover and say what closing attorney are you using and how are you doing your notes and deeds of trust and how you doing that stuff and make a friend inside of sub two that will save your life, especially in North Carolina. Ted Miller, like there's so many I can't even go I can't even tell you how many amazing people are on North Carolina and sub two. Awesome. Okay. So go to Chad Glover, Ted Miller and they'll help you out with that. And but first and foremost on Monday morning, ask your closing attorney, hey, do you guys have a standard note indeed of trust that they'll go, what are you dumb? Yeah. Yeah. That's like asking us if we have a front door and a phone. That's how we guess how we make money. Of course, we have a standard note indeed of trust. So you just haven't done that specifically. So you assume it's a document that they're not doing they do it actively all the time and you've just done wholesale. So what happens is you're just seeing the transaction and the paperwork that's involved with wholesale, but you don't realize that they're doing that's wholesale is like one percent of what that closing attorney does. 99% of what he does is other stuff, right? Private lenders, they're dealing with hard money lenders, private money lenders on probably 99% of their transactions. Got it. Okay. Yes. So helpful. Thank you so much. Yeah. Go to go to your closing attorney, ask questions, come to me on Tuesday night and I'll help you structure the note. Okay. Love it. Thank you so much. Thank you for joining the mentorship, bro. Oh, so much value. It's ridiculous. It hurts. It's so good. I know. I know. I think otherwise is a local head. And by the way, that's one of my favorite words and I've been using that. I know I'm going to put it on a shirt. It's going to be great. It's my favorite. Yeah. Thanks, Chad. So was that helpful guys getting Chad to this is why I do Q&A style so I can get people to get their questions answered. Okay. Now, um, a couple of things. Let's go to, let's go back to the personality type. Um, does anybody have a question specific to raising capital? Because I feel like a lot of times people raise their hand and they actually don't have a question to raising capital. Here's what I'll do. I'm going to I'm going to lower everybody's hands and anybody that has a specific question to raising capital, you can re re raise your hand. How about that? And if it's not, I'm going to mute you. Remember that. Okay. Jenny, what do you got? So I know you're probably going to mute me, but, um, I have a situation going on in the deals falling apart like right now. No. Okay. This is what this is what this is where I get students that DM me and tell me I'm a piece of **** because I didn't stay on topic. Okay. I literally get people yelling at me because they're like, I skipped out on church. I took off work and you came in there and answered somebody question. Jenny, no, I have a hard time saying no. So now I want to help you. What's the situation? So the situation is I am helping some other students and the deal is literally falling apart right now and they're supposed to close March 31st. It's in Birmingham, Alabama. Okay. And I don't know exactly like the the perfect scenario for this. I try to get a hold of this. Why is your falling apart? So I try to get a hold of this seller to see what was really going on. He's coming back and saying that he has some loan shark. I need to talk to the lender. Are you guys under contract with the seller? Yes. Okay. Then the seller can't get out. The seller is legally obligated to finish that transaction. And unfortunately, sometimes you have to get an attorney involved and if I were you, I'd get an attorney involved and I'd not be named. Right. Notice secure right and breach of remedies. But there's also a buyer involved. Okay. It was now my issue is the assignment agreement says transfers and set over into assigning all of a signer's right title and interest as purchase agreement between seller and buyer. And all terms and conditions shall be fully transferred to the end buyer, right? She signed the release between her and the seller. So I mean, is there even anything legally there anymore? What are you hoping to accomplish with that agreement? With which agreement to assign the contract? The one that you just brought up. To assign the contract. I know you've assigned the contract. So what you're bringing it up to me for what purpose? Because there's an assignment. I'm trying to get the buyer to deal with the seller. Is that what you're trying to do? The buyer already dealt with the seller and signed a release. Signed a release to release the seller from the transaction? Yeah, which I didn't think you could do. You can't do that. No. I didn't think so. So then the other situation, so we are still direct to seller. Correct. Yes, you are still direct to seller. The buyer cannot go around you and negate your contract. They can't negate an A to B contract. All you're doing is you're assigning your rights. Right. You purchase the property. You're not assigning your rights to take over the ability to sign and negotiate on your behalf. If you have to go back and do that, you're still in the middle of the deal. Right. So I've been trying to get a hold of the seller. Right? And he did actually cause another buyer is what's going on. The seller is going to move. Yes. So what you need to do is get a memorandum put on the property and you need to notice the seller with either a Liz pendants or a demand letter from an attorney. Okay. The seller is not going to move because why? Because they have a loan shark. They don't have a loan shark. What they have is somebody offering more money. Right. Which is the feeling I had. It's not a fact. I've never seen a seller act fishy for any other reason except they have another buyer. Right. Well, I've tried calling him several times and I wouldn't answer Jenny. Why would he not answer? Well, I just know he's got to have he's got to have a confrontation with you about something he's gone around your back. So if you have legal just call me back. Oh, he called you. Okay. What do you say? He just called me. I was on the zoom. So I didn't call him back. Call him back. Right. And just just tell him we have legal rights over this property. And I hate to be this person. But this is how I feed my children and my and my family. And if you are not moving forward with the transaction, I'm going to put a memorandum and stop whatever it is that you're doing with the other buyer. Right. I don't have another buyer. Okay. Great. You tell me that. But the reality is you I'm sure you do. I'm putting a memorandum on the property on Monday. Right. And that's the feeling I got. I just you're like the greatest of all time with creative and reading people and knowing all of this. So I thought it would be best to ask you. And that's why I'm like, can you answer right now? Yeah. I it's not. So here's the challenging thing. Jenny, you've been in business with in other businesses outside of real estate. There's no such thing as a business that doesn't have like confrontational moments in challenging discussions. And this is just one of those times in real estate that these are the lessons that you get taught. Okay. The lessons you get taught are these. One, put a memorandum on a property. Use my contract to make sure you have the ability to put a memorandum on the on the property. And if you just use somebody's three page downloadable contract off YouTube, then you screwed up. Right. You don't have a legal right to put a memorandum on a property. This is why I write your guys's contracts inside the mentorship. And if let's say that you didn't use my contract, you use like Brent Daniels or somebody else's that doesn't have the ability and permission to write a memorandum, what you need to do is you need to now file a Liz pendants and get an attorney involved. If there's enough money to be made on this deal. Okay. Is there enough money to be made on this deal? I do believe so. At like, so ARV is between 110 and 15. Jenny, how much money were you guys going to make with your buyer that basically turned into a P. Almost 9,000. Okay. So for me, here's the thing is like, am I going to go file a Liz pendants and sue the seller? You're not really going to sue a seller. I've never actually sued a seller. I just warned them of of potential lawsuit. That gets their feet moving. That's going to cost you $1,100 to file a Liz pendants. So are you willing to go and fight that battle? Or is this now just going to be a million dollar lesson for you that you should have filed a memorandum and you should have used the proper paperwork? No, it's a million. I mean, it's a lesson. I do understand that. So what I would do is I would, if I were you, I would not file a Liz pendants and that's going to cost you a $1,100. What I would do is go and file a memorandum whether you have the permission to do so or not. Right. Okay. You didn't do the paperwork, right? Which is what I'm why I'm aiming this right? I'm just guessing you didn't do it right. Right. Um, I was, who's contracted you use? You know what, I'm not even sure to be honest. There's a problem. If you news, if you use my contract, my one, my cash wholesale contract is worth 10 times the price of this mentorship. And if you didn't use that contract, you don't have the legal right to file a memorandum on this property, which means if you go file memorandum on the property, you're going to commit a mission. Hey, it is your contract. It is your contract that you have the permission. Okay. Yeah, because there's a lot more to be made on this deal than just the assignment fee, but right now it's just trying to do it. Possibly could be if I, if I can find out who the lender is to talk to them. It's not a, it's not a, it's a free and clear deal. And he, he claims that there's another lien, but title hasn't come back yet. So I don't know for certain. Okay, but your buyer was going to pay cash for it. Correct. Okay, great. So the thing is you had a buyer at one point. Do you think you're going to be able to find another buyer relatively quickly? Why'd your buyer bail out? Why'd your buyer release the seller? Because the seller started, yeah, started going sideways and wanted to back out of the deal and she didn't want to get between, um, you know, the buyer and doesn't sound like a good buyer to me. It sounds like a wholesaler that was trying to jbe the deal that didn't want to deal with it. Yeah, that's kind of what I said. Here's what I would do. I would reach out to, um, medium wave Dave in the mentorship and see if he can help you find another buyer in Birmingham. Okay. And I bet you there's more than $9,000 on the bone. Right. And I think that what you do is you file a memorandum, you send a demand letter, you don't let that seller go and do a deal with anybody else. That memorandum will stay on the property forever. So you're protected. Okay. They can't go around you. You have legal permission in your contract that you can file memorandum. You file a copy of your memorandum or I'm sorry, you can file a copy of your purchase contract and the memorandum with the county recorder's office, it stops their ability to sell the property or even refining. They can't even refinance the property without dealing with your memorandum. And you sit and wait and tell somebody calls you. I probably get a call every quarter from a memorandum I filed a year ago, title company. Right. And you release your memorandum. No, tell the seller to call me. Just happens. It's probably one out of 20 or one out of 30 contracts you're going to get, the seller will find get another offer after you leave their house. They're going to play these games. It's very typical. It's part of the business. It's the same thing with like, I have a buddy that owns an air conditioning company. Okay. And he goes, nox doors says, hey, your air conditioning unit looks looks 20 years old. We can see AC units on people's roofs here. So that's what they do. They knock doors and go, oh, your AC units, original build is 20, 25 years old. Can we give you an estimate? They give them an estimate. They get them into like a sign contract and then they start ghosting them. And they're like, hey, we're coming to like install your AC unit. And then like a day or two later, they'll they'll go knock on the door and there's a brand new air conditioning unit on the house. Okay. And how that happened. It happened because they the AC unit or AC company goes to knock on the door. They get the seller or I'm sorry, not the seller of the homeowner thinking, oh, I do need a new AC unit. They take my buddies AC estimate and they start calling around to other AC companies and they go, hey, I've got a company that've already like worked with. They give me a price. Can you give me a better price? And so now what they do is the other AC company goes, holy crap, I can sneak in there, beat this guy by 500 bucks and install a unit. And now they're not going to force me to take my unit off the house. This happens in every single business. Right. So the other situation with the end buyer, right? I don't think that she is a whole seller trying to get rid of it. She has a fixed and flaked flip business in Birmingham. Her husband is a, I am positive of that. And she does seven to 10 deals a month. She has Airbnb's. She's actually met a few sub two students. That's how she got involved in the deal as a speaker at an event on Airbnb's hotel. Okay. So why would she cancel and why would if she's a speaker and she's so legitimate in business, why would she go around your back? Yeah, I don't know. That's because she's not a cash buyer. She's a marketer and a promoter. Okay. I've explained, hey, by the way, Leo, I check people are, people are mad at me that I deviated to help you. Yeah. So sorry. Leo, a buyer knows her and brought her into the deal. I was trying to help. She is not a real cash buyer. Does she cash by sometimes? Jenny, I am a pretty big fixed inflipper. I do three to four fixed inflips a month. And it's a lot. If a lady's doing seven deals a month, she's wholesaling five and doing two. And so what she looked at, she goes, oh, seller's being a pain in the butt. I'm not going to deal with this because I was going to wholesale this anyway. It was going to make me a lot of money. Maybe five grand. So she goes, she goes around your guys is back and communicates to the seller. And cancels a contract without communicating to does she sound like a legitimate business person? No. And that was the feeling I got. I just wanted to make sure that I was correct because I offered to help and it's literally falling apart right now. So. Okay. So here's how we stop it from falling apart. I'll give you a button on this. A cash buyer runs a legitimate business. They're never going to promote. They're not going to be on stage. They're not going to have a YouTube channel. They're not going to be on Instagram doing all that. That's not a cash buyer. That's somebody who sometimes does buy deals sometimes. That's called a wholesaler who every once in a while will buy a deal just to look legitimate. That's what she is. If she's a cash buyer, why is she on stage? Why is she doing all this stuff? She's a wholesaler trying to get deals. She's co-hostselling your deal. Okay. So what do I do tomorrow? I'll remember random on the property and send a demand letter from an attorney by spending $250 in demand that the seller finished the transaction. And the meantime reach out to medium wave Dave and say help me find a buyer. Okay. The deals. You can't sell it to another buyer. So you fix that problem. The buyer now is going to or the seller is now going to get a demand letter and know that you mean business. And Jenny, you need to go through this. I know. You need to know. You need to know what this feels like. So in the future, when you're messing around with these people that are like, quote unquote, fix and flippers that are do by the way, Jenny, if somebody's doing seven deals a month, do you know how many houses they have under construction? 21. You think this lady has 21 because you know what it takes to run a fixed and flip business with during seven deals a month. You've got houses that are in escrow. You've got houses that are in renovation and you've got houses that are for sale. Her pipeline of seven deals a month is probably close to 50 houses in undercut like in her she owns 50 houses. I would be I would guarantee my left pinky. She doesn't currently own seven houses across the board. Okay. Why would she be so illegitimate that she would go around your back and cancel a contract that you brought to her without communicating with anybody on your team? Yeah, that's what I was trying to understand. I just want to make sure I understood it correctly. And I know that it is something that I need to go through. That's why I I reached out and said, I need to ask right now. Yes. So I appreciate it. Sorry, everyone. That's good. It sucks when you're going through all that kind of stuff. It does. Thank you, pace. No problem. Go go through the fire. You have to go through the fire. Every morning I wake up in the morning and I go, what fire am I going to walk through today? Because it's the only way I'm going to learn anything. Yes. And this is good for everybody else to learn because there's probably a lot of here that have not ever taken action on anything in their freaking lives. And here you are actually going through something and just realizing this is daily information that you have to go through as a real estate investor. Right. Right. Look at you. Was there Jenny was ever a point where you were just watching YouTube and just consuming content? Oh, yeah. Okay. So can we just all agree that we're proud of Jenny for going through this experience and that she's going through some stuff right now, but that's the only way you can learn. Right. Thank you. How do you? Thank you. Go get it done. We'll do. All right. Okay. So let me go through a couple. I've got an hour. That's all I've got. Unfortunately guys. So let's go through a couple of things. I'm going to show you guys another way to find private money lenders and then I'll go into a couple of other things that will help you guys out with understanding personality types. I'm going to go into some transactional lending stuff too. Transactional lending is what I just kind of alluded to with Chad a couple of minutes ago. Give me a second guys. All right. Cool. All right. So I have this little software that for a lot of students that saw the demo of this the other day, I've got a piece of software. Let's see where is it. I was sharing it. I think just second ago. Let me re-share it. Got this software called deal automator. So I can go into. Let's go into. I don't want to go in there. Let's go back. Keeps low. Keeps premium. Oh, people leads. That's what I want. Okay. So check it out. I can go to you. I want private money lenders. There's a way. Away. Go away. I just learned this actually yesterday. I was like blown away by, let's see. Private that the contacts. I'm going to do that. What is this? Well leads. Oh, here we go. Private lenders. So literally it's this easy. Okay. So I can go into. Arizona. Let's go to Maricopa County. Okay. Boom. Private money lender. Boom. So check it out. There's 4,7D private money lenders in Maricopa County. Okay. So I can click on all of these. I did this yesterday for the sub two students. I downloaded 11,000 private money lenders. I can tell you if they live in Paradise Valley or Scottsdale, they're probably private money lender. But deal automator, which is the CRM that we currently switched to or we recently switched over to. It's literally that simple. So what deal automator looks up and I just found this out yesterday. What deal automator uses? It's my bad. Yes, you needed you needed a subscription. Okay. You need a subscription for it. Does somebody have my link for the subscription? Any of the students in here have my link for that? Oh, there we go. So Kai has it. Thank you. Kai. Appreciate that. So there's my link. So deal automators are another way you can find private money lenders. Like literally I can type in any city. I gave a way did Molly post the thing yesterday guys? How to get private lenders if you have no money or job? Okay, so who asked that question? Gems. Gems, can I ask you a question? Because I think maybe you've logged in late or maybe you're not quite sure what we've been talking about somehow you've gotten lost on this but I'd love to chat with you for a second. Gems, you there? Gems. Gems. They're like I'm not going to get beat up by pace. I'm not unmuting myself. Okay, cool. Oh, Gems, you there? Yeah, you're able to hear me. Sorry. I can hear you. Great. So did you show up late? Yes, I actually just got like 10 minutes ago. Okay, you literally asked a question that I went through for two hours straight. Oh, great. Nice. Yeah, this is usually I will block people out of the zooms just because of that exact question because it's just like I've literally actually gone on for I've been here for three hours answering all this guys have I sufficiently answered the question of how do I find private money lenders exactly where they come from even if I don't have credit a deal or any experience I've I sufficiently answered that question please tell Gems the answer in the side chat. Gems, how many people do you think you're saying yes? Everyone. 800 people were here on time and they got the answer. Well, I didn't get the email for some reason so I didn't know what it was. Because it was in your spam inbox and you didn't find it until later. Yeah, that's why that's the reason right. Yeah, I can be harsh sometimes can't I it's fine. I get I believe me I get a lot of people at DM me or I haven't gotten the email I'm like yeah, you have check your your spam inbox they go oh, I found it. Yeah, right? So when you say I didn't get the email for some reason the proper way to say that is I'm a knucklehead and I didn't look in my spam inbox until three hours after the zoom started. Yeah, you're right. Got it. Okay, and that's perfectly fine. I'm not angry about it, but I just want to be very clear. I do I do I send out the zoom link so you guys get it well I gave it to everybody yesterday. Okay, in fact I I feel bad because I email so many people so frequently look at Christina says I got the emails four times and I'm sitting there telling my team like don't email it to anybody anymore. It's like too much and they're like no people are knuckleheads they'll they'll lose it right. Cool. Good question. I appreciate you you can go back and watch it and maybe link in what spend the rest of your time linking in with other people please. Okay. Okay. Okay, I'm going to answer a couple more questions. Let's see here. Now, head. How you doing? Hello, can you hear me? What's up? Hey, Pays. Thank you so so much for all these valuable. Listen to you putting out for everyone. Of course. This is just amazing. I love you to that. I love our group to death. Thank you. Anyway, I'm going back to my question. I did a private money lending to someone about four years ago. Okay. And we bought a note which we it was a non-performing note and in Chicago. So anyway, can I can I be clear on this? Yes. You loaned money to somebody else so they could go by a non-performing note? Yes, it no. It was supposedly via training or a learning experience that I put up the money and he knows how to do the notes and all that stuff and keep me make me teach me how to do it. So what it was, he basically didn't pay me that money. I was just going to say, let me guess you didn't get your money back. No, I didn't. Now he is ghosting me on it. Of course, he is. Because you probably didn't go through a title company. Probably send it to him directly. No, we did. No, no, no, no. We actually bought a note on a property. Okay. It was I was in a group that were their lenders and their own notes of properties on non-performing and performing. Anyway, so we bought this. Can I ask you a question before you go into this? Because this I want to be very clear. Right. Okay. Be very clear to people that are listening to you because all they're listening because a lot of people don't even know what a non-performing note is. Right. Okay. Got it. Personally, I would never in my life. There's other people in here that they like that strategy. Personally, I would never, ever invest in a non-performing note. Well, I mean, that was my first step and the last step. I understand that. But I just want to see there's people on the side, I was saying I was just going to ask that. Guys, listen to what a non-performing note is. Okay. It means that whoever is the homeowner on the property is not paying their lender. And so what you're doing is you're going in there and saying, hey, lender, who's not being paid, take your shoes off because I want to step into those shoes that smell like. Let me step into your shoes and stand where you're standing where you're not receiving a payment from the person living in the house. That's what a non-performing note is. It's legitimately. I'm very sorry for people that think that strategy's great and it can be great. But you need to have a black belt degree in real estate in order to mess with that. That's literally what you're doing. You're finding lenders that are like, I'm sick of the person that's living in this property because they're not paying me my payment. I'm the lender. I sell their finance to them and they're not making their payment to me. So they owe me a hundred grand. And I'm willing to sell this for 50 cents on the dollar. I will sell my position. My 100,000 dollars that's owed to me, I will sell this note to somebody else for 50 cents on the dollar at 50 grand. To me, the lender doesn't even want it and they're willing to sell it at that grade of a discount. No wonder it's in a non-performing note. The person that's living in the property. So does that strategy work? Absolutely. It can work. Don't lend money on non-performing notes, guys. The people that are going out and doing non-performing notes should just fund them themselves. You're walking into a deal that the details of the deal are literally that the person residing and like living in the property are not paying their payment. Is that a great place to lend money? Well, just to be sure in this, it was... This is not for you. This is for everybody else in the chat to understand this and we'll get into your question. Okay. Hey guys, I got this Honda Civic. It's worth $10,000, but I'll sell it to you for $5,000. I think there's something wrong with that car, maybe? So you buy it, you jump in it, you transfer it over, you go to turn it on, you go, what the hell's wrong? Click, click, click, doesn't turn on, you go to open up the hood. There's no engine. But yeah, I got it, I got a 50 cents on the dollar and somebody's going to say, well, yeah, but you can go buy an engine for like, you know, $3,000, get it installed and now you got a Honda Civic for $8,000 and some change. Who has time for that? Just go buy a good deal. If you are brand new, stay away from non-performing notes. Anybody that disagrees with me, there's an alley in the back of my house, I'll fight you. I agree. Stay away from non-performing notes unless you're a black belt in real estate. Now, if you, if there's somebody that is experienced with non-performing notes, I know a handful of people that I would trust, Eric Sage, Nick Legamaro, a couple of other people, very few people would I trust with non-performing notes. Okay, so when I'm talking about investing money, I want to be very specific with you guys before I go into this question. Stay away from those. Don't raise money for them and don't lend money on them. Okay, go ahead. I'm sorry. Did you meet yourself? Are you there? You did yourself, didn't you? Yes, you did. Okay, sorry. Yes, I did. I'm sorry. Okay, well, this was, I mean, we made money out of it. We took, took over and we made money out of it. But he were, he wanted to put the money in some movie shit and stuff like that. So with, I didn't give him permission to, to do it. I was getting my, I was waiting for him to give me my money. So did you say he wants to put the money into movie? He did that. He did that with a lot of people, but I didn't give him permission to do that with my money. Did you meet him in a back alley? No, actually, I met him in Ria. He was a pretty famous noteholder. And I'm sorry. I know. But it was four years ago and I was new and here's a rule. Never invest in anything that doesn't have real estate attached to it. Ever. Yes, that is true. Ever. This is why I told you guys, rule number one, a private money lending don't take money to your personal name, put in a title company, make sure it's secured against an actual real estate transaction every single time. Because guess what? His movie didn't work out, you're going to lose your money. He's ghosting you for obvious reasons. Yes. I mean, all of that with the property was entitled, but lawyers involved to result the property. We made money, but he didn't give me my money and took it and invested. Now he's ghosting me. You can't. Here's the thing. You gave him permission to do that. Yes, I did. You know, I didn't give him money. You gave permission because whatever the paperwork that was required to sign off on your previous payment, he took the money and put into something else. He rolled it into another deal. You gave him permission to do that. In the paperwork, then note that I have from him is only for that property. So we closed that deal, made money. But he didn't give me my money when it was time to give it to me. And he just took it and invested in that money because he was like drowning. So he's running a Ponzi scheme. He's trying to book movies. Right. And I'm not the only one. There's other people involved on it too. Okay. But what's your question besides making me want to make my pants? Just should I just kiss that money and say, it's gone. That money's gone. Okay. Got it. How are you ever going to get that money back? I mean, I contact him last year in November. He emailed me that, oh, I'm really serious, but I'm going to go into a heart issue. I have a pacemaker blah, blah, blah, blah. But that's what I told them. I said same thing we have also everybody has where they're smoke. There's fire. The guy's full of ****. He stole the money. He played. He played. Do you guys know what a con man is? You know what con man means? Confidence. He gained your confidence on a real estate transaction. You made a little bit of money probably not much. Right. Well, it was it was like I doubled more than doubled my money. How how much time on that? And about I would say nine months. And what was your investment? 15,000. Okay. Cool. So he doubled your money. Wow. That's that's dope. You doubled. This guy doubled your money. Give you 100 and something percent return in nine months and then and then took off. And then what you do with your 15 grand that you made. Did you go buy groceries with it? Did you use it for your own goods or did that guy never actually give it to you? Just roll into never know. Yeah. Never actually never made money. No. In all paper and everything, I and I worked that deal. We made money. Like we bought I paid 15,000. We cash for keyed the guy out of the house and we put it back in the market just the way it is and with the trash and you know, let me tell you let me give you some good advice because I've been giving you a hard time, but let me give you some advice. What I would do is I would contact the securities attorney. Okay. And I would get I would contact three or four other people that are involved and I would say, Hey guys, let's get a securities attorney attorney involved and talk about how this is securities fraud. Mm hmm. This guy should go to prison. Mm hmm. Pay us back. Okay. I know that he lost everything that he had. Okay. Doesn't matter. So okay. Doesn't matter. Does he have a personal house? Does he have a car? Does he have a business? Not anymore. Not anymore. He lost it all. I'm he's telling you're listening to a con man who told you this? No, I actually like see his house was foreclosed. He sold everything like all the venue things that he had. Okay. Well, then you know what happened? Here's what happened. You are one of the little fish that he burned. He burned some big fish. Yes, he did. And those big fish have money and attorneys and they came and took everything from him and you're one of the guppies that didn't get any of the lift leftovers. Yeah, because I know one of them and I tried to reach out to him because I know that I heard that he was suing him. And that he didn't respond to me to be part of the law. Yeah. Okay. You if his house is gone, his assets are gone. He's got a pacemaker. Your money's gone. Okay. Sorry. This is this is good for everybody else. It's horrible for you. And I'm sorry to hear this is horrible. I've lost money as well. 39 months ago, somebody owed me a million dollars in file bankruptcy. Right. And I got screwed. I've been there. I know exactly how bad that felt. It was the day my daughter was born. I got the bankruptcy letter. The day I gained a billion dollar little child, I lost a million dollars in cash. I guess this is the name of the game. You just have you have some games and so you'll have some losses here and there. But when you're lending money, that money should have come right back to you. You should have never you gave him permission in some document. You can't just take money from a real estate transaction and then roll it into another deal. That's not how it never legally can ever happen that way. Physically impossible for him to have taken that money from you from a real estate transaction. You gave him permission. I didn't. I didn't. I would guarantee my right arm. There's a document somewhere that you signed without knowing it. No, you give him permission to take that property that money. No, I was just in that deed of trust that we filed into my self-directed IRA. Okay, so how did they get rid of that lean that you have on that property? How did they get rid of that security that you had against that property? How did he get rid of that legally? What did you did of trust? I don't know. I mean, I still have it. That's where I would go. I still is in IRA and I talked to my IRA and they said, well, you have to write a letter that this didn't perform and you lost money. No, no, no. There's something that he did that he had you signed that released that money to him. There is absolutely something. It's physically impossible. That's where I did not sign anything outside of that transaction like nothing. The only paper between me and him that I signed, it was that deed of trust. And that was it. I'm going to tell you you're wrong about something. I don't know what it is. But either A, you signed something in the first deed of trust that says that he could dictate whatever happened to that money when it sold or you signed something when the house sold that he could have controlled that money. You signed something that gave him permission. And if you didn't, then why are you talking to me? Why aren't you talking to the title company or the closing attorney that handled the transaction? I didn't think much. Aren't they the ones that do the paperwork? Yes. Guys, this is also why I always purchase a lender policy and insurance policy for my lender. Every single time I pay for that out of my pocket, anytime somebody's loan money to me, I not only buy a title policy to protect the transaction, but I buy a lender policy to protect the lender. So who, what title company did you go through? What closing attorney did you go through? I've got all that information and then I'll be alone with them tomorrow immediately and say, how did this happen? How was this even possible? How did this guy get to sell this note and take my $30,000 and roll it into some movie? Right. Okay. Guys, this is a great situation. I feel really, really bad that this happened to her. But are we now 1000% like sure why we only go through title companies? We did go to the title company, but yeah, I don't know. If you went through title company, then what's the name of the title company? It's in Chicago. Okay. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to call the Chicago company and say, how did this guy get control of my assets after selling this house? It's physically, I'm telling you, God himself couldn't come down there and say, let me have that money. The title company would say, I don't care, God. It's physically impossible for you to do this, even with your magic wand. You can't do anything. There's no physical way that this guy could take your money and take the ownership of this asset and basically roll it into another deal without your permission or him forging a document with your name on it. Which I think that's probably what happened. Well, then we could figure out what then that's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to contact you. There's no way you can forge the document either. You know why? Because every time, listen to this, this is how I know that there's no way you didn't give this guy permission. I'm not saying knowingly, but somewhere somehow you gave him permission. When I receive money from a lender, it goes to a title company and the title company sends out a mobile notary that verifies their identity and sits there and watches them sign everything. Then when I send money back to that lender, the title company requires that I verify the identity of the person receiving it with a physical mobile notary. The transaction should not be completed. It's physically impossible for the transaction to be completed without those steps. That's happening. That's true. So this guy conjured you and he committed a security violation. And this is probably why he's lost everything. Right. But even then, hold on. Even then, how did he get your money released from the title company when he sold that note? He didn't go through a title. Okay. Here's the thing. You went. Hold, listen to me. Okay. Because I'm right. You are wrong. I am sorry, but I am 1000% right. There's nothing you can say to prove otherwise. Somewhere you gave him permission. You used a title company when you purchased the note, but when you sold the note, did the title company reach out to you and say, where can we send them the funds? No. Okay. Then you didn't use the title company. Is this Chicago land agency? That I have to call. I have their email and they have, you know, all my, cool. That's good to know. You stole your money and something in your documents that you did not read states that he could do that. Okay. He couldn't have done it with a deed of a deed in lieu. He couldn't have done it with a deed in lieu. Because he doesn't have your signature. He doesn't have your, if you were the person that was secured against the property, your company, your IRA was secured with a recorded, recorded deed in your name. They would have had to physically come to you and go, hey, we're selling this. We need you to, we need a payoff statement of where the money needs to be sent. Actually, the, the deed of trust was loaning just the money. I don't think that, yeah. Here's what I want you to bring this title company into the Tuesday Zoom with me. Come, I'll do the Zoom earlier on Tuesday. Bring them in here. Let's figure out what happened. Okay. All right. I'll, I'll do that. Okay. Okay. Get, get them on the, get them on the call. Bring them into our Tuesday Zoom and I want to go through this with them. Okay. And I'll give you a course of action. But somebody, somebody committed fraud here is either the guy or the title company. Okay. And do you have a title policy on that property? The property, I mean, was sold long ago. Bring it to Tuesday Zoom. Okay. Okay. All right. I'll do that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So guys, do we, do we have to continually tell you guys to never lend money to people that is not through a title company and make sure that everything is secured. Or is that like so solid in your guys's name or in your mind? All right. Cool. All right. Guys, I've got two other types of lenders. I want to quickly go through with you. Couple other things. Let's see here. Let's pull this up. All right. Cool. I want to make sure it's already still up there. All right. So we've got, we already know what the shark is up about up to, right? Here's another type of lender right here. Transactional. Okay. This is a transactional lender right here. Okay. So they want chunks of money. Okay. What's cool about this is that you can be this person very quickly. A lot of people that use this method are using doing the Morby method. Sometimes you just need to do a double close on a wholesale transaction, right? You're very in and out, right? So what I, why I use this as a gator, it doesn't mean anything negative. It just means that gators don't have to live in the water. They're in and they're out. And so a gator can jump into a transaction and out of a transaction literally in an hour. Transactional lenders are only funding on a single transaction very quickly. And what they do is sometimes you use their money for an hour. Sometimes you use their money for 30 days. But most of the time you're using their money for less than seven days. Okay. So the gator, I'm a gator. I will do transactional lending. The way I got my first setup of transactional lending is I went out and got a line of credit. It's kind of cool that you guys can go out and get a line of credit and then just be a transactional lender, right? One of my lenders, I found her actually is a very interesting story. Her name is, let me pull her up. I might even call her. She's such a sweetheart. We pay her. Her structure is very interesting. Her name is Rita Hansen. Okay. And I used to call her a gap lender, but she's really just a transactional lender. Okay. Let's see. Last time I got an email from her was January. Okay. Here we go. Rita Hansen. Okay. So Rita is amazing because here's how she, here's what she does for me. Okay. So Rita will lend to me short term, right? And I do the same thing for a lot of people as well. But let's say that I have a line of credit. If you guys want to learn how to get a line of credit, let me know. I'll show you guys how to get a line of credit. You don't even have to have really that great a credit to get a line of credit. I could show you how to do it. But let's say that I have, actually, I know exactly how much Rita has. Rita has $65,000 to her name. Okay. So what she does is if I need a quick 20 grand or a 30 grand or 15 grand or whatever, she will do, she will send her money, let's say $15,000 of that to title. Title will receive that money. We create a note and a deed of trust. We give her all the protection. And we usually will use her money sometimes 30 to 60 days at most. Usually we'll use her money just temporarily, like a couple of hours. And what we do is we'll pay her a chunk of money. It's not an interest rate. It's $2,500 on every transaction that she lends money on. And the average transaction about 30 days with, I'd say, 20 grand. So let's do that math. If she makes 20k, that's actually like really crazy return. If she makes 20k on, or she makes $2,500 in 30 days on $20,000, that means she will get a 100. That's a lot. That's over 100% return in that one month. On an annualized return, she'll get over 100% return because she's only lending for 30 days. Right. So think about that. If she did that to me every month for a whole year, she would have made 30 grand. Right. So $2,500 times 12. So loans to $20,000. We give it back to her a month later. She gets $2,500. So we send her $22,500. So $2,500 times 12. That's 30 grand. Her percentage, let's see, divide by 25,000. That's 120% return. So a gator, a transactional lender can receive a much higher rate of return because people only need their money for a short period of time. They're in, they're out. They're in, they're out. Because people don't want to, because people, sorry, I'm getting, it's now at the time of the day where everybody else and their mama is waking up and so people are texting me, I apologize. So a transactional lender, these are transactional lenders. They're amazing. And I have a couple of transactional lenders. Credit is important too. Let's see. Does anybody want to learn how to become a transactional lender? I'll do like a one hour zoom for you guys. I don't have time for it. Unfortunately, so I'll do like a one hour zoom. Let's see. Look, I got to look at my A&E calendar of quick to see where I have time and look at my calendar for the week. Hold on a second, guys. Okay. All right. My schedule. Okay. Here's what I'll do. I'll show you my, I'll show you guys my A&E schedule. How about that? Here's my A&E schedule. Okay. So I'm off Friday because I have my mastermind on Friday. Jamil is speaking at my mastermind. So he's off on Friday. I am filming tomorrow, oh, Tuesday. Should I do it Monday night or Tuesday morning? Probably Monday night after wholesale hotline. You guys want to do after, after wholesale hotline that'll be late for a lot of people will be one hour long. If we do, I'll do a one hour zoom for free just showing you guys how to become a transactional lender. You guys open to that? Okay. See wholesale hotline gets over at 6.30. So I would do, I do a zoom for one hour from 6.30 to 7.30 and I'll show you guys a little bit more about transactional lending. I only have 25 more minutes and I got to go. Otherwise, I do, here let me set up the zoom. Oops. I'm going to call it gator lending. How about that? Gator lending, it'll be tomorrow at 6.30 my time. Unfortunately, a lot of you guys will be East Coast and you'll be coming into the zoom at 9.30 at night. Is that okay for you guys? Do you have lender insurance pace with heavier Sanchez? Let me chat with you for just a second. I'm going to do a little more screen share on this just for a second and I'll finish these two personality traits. So a gator, again, you guys can see how gators get chunks of money rather than interest rate. They'll get chunks of money. I am a gator. I will do transactional lending. I do it from a line of credit usually or a lot of times I kind of broke down how I do it with Chad. A little bit ago if you guys listened to that, you can be this person quickly. More be method is where you usually get these people, you'll use these people or if you're doing a double close, a lot of times you'll do a wholesale transaction and you don't want your buyer or your seller to know how much money you're making. So you'll need a transactional lender. This people use this all the time. Now, a camel, this is the last personality type I'm going to tell you. A camel is a water animal. How is a camel a water animal? It's because the camel carries the water in its hump, which means it can wait for its return over a long period of time. It can absorb and drink the water over a long period of time. It doesn't mean that they need to receive their money every single month. These people, these lenders are typically doing multi-family deals or large funds and they can receive anywhere between a 10 to 25% IRR. IRR stands for internal rate of return. That means my money has grown essentially 25% while my money has been tied up with you. Usually they're getting equity in the deal and they're getting a preferred return, which means that any of the cash flow that comes in actually goes to the investor first before it goes to the person who put the deal together. They're usually in deals for five to 12 years. They get equity, which is where they get a bunch of value. But here's one of the biggest things and why people become camels. This is where people, like my multi-family investors, the people invest in my multi-family deals, they are looking for this little tasty treat right here. They want depreciation. Okay? So if you're a lender on these other deals, right? Let's say that you're a camel. Let's say you're a gator. You're not getting depreciation. Sometimes you'll get depreciation, a swimmer, a dolphin, and a whale never get depreciation. They're just getting interest. Okay? But with the camel, what you're getting is you actually get larger to returns over a long period of time. You're basically placing your money. It's sitting there for a longer period of time. You don't have to find the deal. You don't have to manage the deal. You don't have to sell the deal. You're just involved in a bigger chunk of money. This is syndications or people raising money through a fund. I actually took a screenshot of this yesterday. You guys will see this all the time. Let me pull this up. This is really, really cool. You'll see this on people's Instagram all the time. You'll see it on bigger pockets, brand interners, bigger pocket stuff. You'll see people constantly advertising for this. This is really good. You guys will see you can advertise for these types of lenders if you have an actual fund. A fund requires a securities attorney. It requires a PPM. Check this out. You can see this guy sponsored this right here. He sponsored this post on Instagram. I actually screenshoted this yesterday afternoon. It's like, oh, that's kind of funny because this is going to be like really pertinent for tomorrow. This person is saying, hey, we're going to give you a 20 to 25% targeted IRR. They're not talking about an interest rate. You see they're talking about preferred returns, equity ownership and bonus depreciation. Just what I told you. Invest in self-storage facilities, opportunity for accredited investors. You'll find a lot of investors that are like, yo, I'm accredited. It means I have a certain net worth. These people, I have my own fund. I have my own fund. We're doing multifamily with. There you go. Kyle says, I see these all of the time on Instagram and Facebook. A credit investor means you have a million dollars net worth or you make over 200. I think it's 250 now, $250,000 per year. Some of these deals will give you monthly income and some of them will give you monthly income and a big ass chunk at the end. Okay. Oh, there it is. Tom says $300,000. Mary, awesome. What about getting a line of credit? So gems, the line of credit, we're doing that tomorrow. I feel like gems is somebody paid gems to tease me today. Gems, who paid you to tease me? Gems, how did you miss that? Oh, she's going back. Okay. Well, she's going back and forth with her kids. So guys, right there, I'm going to teach you guys about gator lending tomorrow in a longer specific zoom. Okay. Equity wise, what are returns? Ed Steifel, let me chat with you for just a second on that. Just so I can understand the question a little bit more. Ed, what was your question? I'm sorry. What's up, brother? How you doing? What up? So as far as investors putting in, are they getting a certain equity state as far as 50% or whatever you're doing? Yeah, yeah. So like for like a brand new operator that doesn't have a lot of deals under their belt, they're typically giving 80% of their equity away to investors. Okay. But as the operator, the person who finds a deal manages the deal, all that kind of stuff gets more and more pronounced, you get closer to like a 50-50 split because you have a trusted known operator that actually at the end of the day, that 50-50 split makes you more money than an 80-20 split with somebody who's not as seasoned. Does that make sense? So if you go with like a, you go with a brand new operator, they're usually going to give 80% away. So let's look at like a $20 million deal. Okay. So if I'm going to do a $20 million acquisition, I'm going to buy, let's say, a bunch of apartments. Okay. Like let's say it's 400 unit apartment building in Texas, right? And it's essentially, let's say it's $40 million. Okay. To purchase that. That means each one of these units is $100,000 each, right? Well, what they do is they go, well, you know, we're going to get a loan for 80% of this from a, like there's a lot of lenders like Marcus Milachap. It's a really big lender that will lend on these types of deals. Their minimum loan amount is a million dollars. So they're going to bring 80% of that to the deal, right? So 80% of that would be yep. So they're only raising 8 million. They're not going to raise 40 million. Okay. So whoever are the 8 million dollars that they raise, what happens is the 8 million dollars that say it's 100 different people. That means that these 100 different people are splitting up 50% ownership of that 400 unit complex. Does that make sense? Yep. Cool. So these people are typically, you know, credit investors, they want larger chunks, they don't really care. But the, the main thing that I see people really care about is depreciation. Like I want to be an owner, but I also want to get tax incentives by being an owner. And you can't really get those tax incentives by being a lender. In fact, being a lender is the opposite. Like you're going to receive income as that lender on a simple interest transaction, like a fixed inflip or whatever else. And that's taxable income. And you have no tax benefits to doing that, right? And when you're going and you're a camel and you're like, look, I'm okay waiting for my large chunks of money. I just want to be involved in cool projects with cool people. Those camels actually get a portion of the equity. And when they get a portion of the equity, they get the pro-rad, a portion of depreciation as well. And so it's why a lot of my lenders who like will start it out as swimmers. You know, like I've got Paul F. in Lason, I just paid her back like $126,000 the other day. I paid Paula back and I paid a couple other people back. And they're all like, hey, I want to be involved in your multifamily stuff because I want to be a part equity owner and I want to get depreciation. And I want to get, you know, the appreciation because that's the other thing you get as well on a multifamily fund. When the value of the property goes up, guess what happens? When the, when the loan gets paid down, guess what happens? You're 50% equity in that whole entire deal across the board. Every benefit that comes from that property, you get your pro-rad, a share of that benefit, appreciation, loan pay down, depreciation, cash flow, exit price, right? All of those types of things, you get a portion of every single one of those. Whereas with simple interest, all you get is an interest payment. Now, why would somebody, you know, with all those benefits of multifamily, why would somebody stay on simple interest? Well, because they don't have to wait as long for the return and they have a guarantee, no matter what the project makes money or not, it doesn't matter. There's projects that I have broken even on on fixed and flips. Guess what? My lender got paid every single time. So in a multifamily fund, let's say the, the, how the thing burns down, the insurance company doesn't want to cover it. Oh, what a bearer. How you doing? Let's say that the, um, am I still live on Instagram? I'm gonna know, oh, I am okay. Can you hear me? Oh, and I'm sitting there yelling the whole time. Okay. So let's say that, let's say that I, um, am sitting there and I'm in a multifamily fund, and the thing burns down in the insurance company doesn't want to cover the multifamily fund. Guess what happens? I lost my money, right? If I'm in a simple interest deal with a fixed inflipper and he loses money, it doesn't matter. I received my payments along the way I couldn't care any less if he lost money. Right? So it just depends on who you want to be and at the end of the day, what kind of lender you want to be or whatever. Now, the challenge is most people look at private money lenders as you're all one people person. The reason why I broke it down into personality types and these like really cool figures is because you actually can see that when you're going to run into a private money lender, you want a decipher which category they're going to ultimately be in so that you can move them or sway them one way or the other. Okay. I don't know if that's especially expectation as well. Yeah. And actually, if you go, if you guys go in all sub two students, if you go into the sub two vault, I have like five or seven something like that recorded zooms with private money lenders. So when they came into the zoom, my first, my first thing was let me tell you about the categories of lenders. And I describe the categories of lenders to those potential private money lenders and I go, what category do you feel like you fit in? That's literally how I raise money. I just show them the categories of where, you know, where people typically put their money, what the return is, whether pluses and minuses and they go, oh my gosh, this is so simple. I want to be a swimmer or I want to be a dolphin or I want to be a shark. Now, I've never actually used these terms before until today. I made this all up this morning, but the terms I use are bucket one, bucket two, bucket three, bucket four. And that's not as cool. I actually like the swimmer. I like the dolphin. I like the gator. I like the camel, all that kind of stuff. I just made that all up today. But they always pick one every single time. You give them an option to go, yeah, I'm a swimmer. I just want to learn. I want to see what you're doing and how you're raising capital. And then I want to do deals with you. And then I'll move on on my own type of thing, you know what I'm saying? So there are people. What's that? This is kind of where I'm at right now, where I can fund a couple of my own deals, get some flips and rentals and whatnot, but getting to that next level, it's a gone, you know, more opportunities come across and you can fund. So you need to have that link right directly to private money. Yeah, and there's a, there's a really interesting saying that Tim Bratz just told me Tim Bratz is an operator, right? So Tim Bratz says, a seller is a buyer is a lender. And it's so true. Like everybody I run into is not only a buyer, there are seller, they're also a lender. Like everybody I reach out to and talk to has money or has access to deals or is looking for a deal. And so we're always just kind of navigating and hanging out and essentially just trading Pokemon cards all day long. Oh, I don't need this card right now, here you use it because it's better used to you, right? And that's why your network is your net worth. Like people don't understand, like people think that your network is your net worth is all mindset. It is a big part of mindset, but it's also what my resources are, are also your resources, right? Like if Jamil calls me and says, I have the need for x, y and z, do you think Jamil can just tap into my rolodex anytime he wants? The answer is yes. So your net worth is like my network is also Jamil's network. And so we expand and compound and compound so Ed, like as you go and even though you're funding a lot of your own deals, which do you know how many of my deals I fund on my own? Probably zero at this point. Zero. Zero. Because Ed, do you think that it's smart for me if I can, if I can put somebody into a fixed inflip and pay them 10 or 12% and then I put my money into something else that makes me 20 or 40% do you think it would be smart and responsible for me to put my money into my own deals? Well, of course, no, and that's where I'm at. I'm kind of cherry-ficking the big deals that I put my money into. Right. Make big deals with firms. And now it's like, I have people all the time saying, hey, I have 10, 20 brands. I want to start getting real support when I do. And for me, it's kind of like, well, I think you need to raise a little more so you can really get into it. But now without a risk, and you know, a 10 or 20 brand can go a long way if you're using a or just money or a fixed flip or a furniture to furniture or a BVB stuff and like that. So where, what would you say to those people that say, hey, I have 10,000 and I have 20,000. I really want to do real estate investing. They see what I'm doing as far as 60 points. What I would do, let's say you have people that have like really small amounts of money, 10,000, 15,000, whatever. What I would do is I would go create an LLC and you guys all become partners. Okay. Your partner is in an LLC. And then you guys own a business and that business's job is to lend money to one of your projects. Does that make sense? Of course. How would you give me that up essentially? Pro Rata. So whatever they put in, they put is their pro Rata share. The same way you do with most families. Yep. So I have one of the questions I have in my hand raised for. I'm glad you brought me, you know, got me into this because I'm going to answer a whole bunch of other stuff. But as far as my investor loan finance for America, any of these big lenders that'll lend 60 points, they always want to see liquidity. So I can raise 150,000 private rate for down payment was closing costs, was this. Then they want to see, okay, I want to make sure you're 100,000 liquid. Yeah, I raised money for my liquidity too. So how does that work essentially if you raised money for liquidity? Is that cool? It goes. Do that also closing against reverse? I do it all through closing. We're doing another morebie method zoom this coming week or the next week. I have a morebie method deal closing with Heather Witzig, one of our students where I'm actually one of her gator lenders. I'm coming in just as a transactional lender and getting a chunk. And we're going to break that whole entire deal down and I'll show you how we did it with the liquidity and all that kind of stuff. Love it. Yeah, that's the main thing going up against I get these big, you know, spreads of the deal that I can get on, but then it comes down with liquidity. You know, we're using my liquid almost rolling it into each single deal. I'm like, they want, you know, 80,000 liquid on each deal. I'm showing the same 80,000 every time. Primal Eskimo says, how do you guys split your time between your business? Like doing work that's required, dieting, working out, et cetera. Bro, there is no such thing as splitting your time. You do it all simultaneously. I'm currently dieting and working. Like ask yourself this question, how can you do two things at the same time going forward? It's, I call it the law of duality. Do you live the law of duality? There's never a time in my life that I'm only doing one thing at a time. Intermittent fast, so you get a contract going. There you go. Yeah, that some people would die, dog. Thanks a lot for your time, L.E. Raffa, stuff like that. Hey, I appreciate you, brother. Thank you. Okay, so guys, we're going to do a gator lending zoom tomorrow just for one hour. I'm going to be very quick. Okay. Can we go over the paperwork? Denise, you get, you'll go over the paperwork with all the sub two students. Okay, I gave, I showed you guys some of the paperwork already. But this what happens on a four, you guys see why YouTube is total trash? Like how can you learn anything in 12 minute video? Was there ever a time, was there ever a moment in a four hour window that I didn't give you guys the highest level of value? And you're, you guys are trying to learn on YouTube like any happening. Sorry, you're getting like tidbits of information that's out of order. The reality is you'll need like what I'll do for all the students, all the sub two students. What I'll do is I will do another four hour zoom because I'm rebuilding the private lending catalog of all the stuff that we're doing. I'll do the next four hours where it's just the paperwork and I'll bring in Danielle Mazzi and some other people in my attorney. We'll go through and I'll show you guys all the paperwork and how easy it is. And I'll actually bring in a couple of my private lenders on that one. Okay. All right. So we're doing the gator lending tomorrow at 630 to 730. Anybody's invited. It's only an hour long. I'll be very quick. I'll show you guys how to get your own line of credit and how you can be I actually what I'll do is I'll do two or three case studies of deals and I'm in the middle of right now that I'm doing gator lending on. And then I'll also show you guys how you can go get a line of credit and do the same thing. Everybody has my email. If you guys want to do if you guys want to be a swimmer with me and my team you guys can send me an email. Let's see what else what else am I missing? What else do you guys need? Yeah, we're yeah, we're done. This is four hours, bro. We just I just did four hours on a Sunday morning for you guys. Oh, you know what? Here's what I'll do. I'll do the $10,000 on Monday night. That's what I'll do. Sorry, it's 11. I should have done that earlier. I'll do the $10,000 on Monday night. That's what I'm going to do. Sorry, guys. I'm out. Hopefully this was valuable. You guys had a good day and I'll see you later.