 So tonight guys, let me tell you the occasion for this. We're going to give money and we're going to show you guys how to make money by raising money. I actually have a deal that I recently completed. At a deal that I refinanced, I bought a deal four years ago and I refinanced that deal and I pulled out $400,000 of equity out of that deal when I refinanced. I bought that deal with creative finance, which is amazing. You guys all know I'm the creative finance guy, but I bought the deal with creative finance, no money out of my pocket. How did I buy that deal with no money out of my pocket? Well first off, I used creative finance. So I took over somebody else's mortgage. Easy. You guys should know that by now. I took over somebody else's mortgage without qualifying for it, but I still had a little bit of money I had to pay for closing costs, furniture when I turned it into an Airbnb, etc. and where that money came from is a private money lender. So I actually brought in a private money lender. I put that private money lender in a second position. A lot of you guys out of 975 people in here don't know what a second lean position is. We might jump into that tonight. This is an open forum. This is not just sub two students. This is not just astro students. This is anybody. We probably have a lot of people in here that are literally like, I don't care about real estate. Just give me a freaking car and give me $10,000. If you're one of those people, give me a thumbs up. You're like, I'm not here for the real estate. I'm here for the car. Give me a comment in the side chat. So I refinanced out this deal. I pulled $400,000 of equity out of it and I went to Jamil and I said, hey, I want to give back to this community. So Jamil and I came up. We both pulled in some money. We bought a car that's for $12,000. The reason why we chose this car is because it has super low miles. It's basically a two year old car. That's basically brand new and it's a great like fuel economy driven vehicle. So we bought this car. 2020 Ford Focus, $12,000. I think it's like 4,000 or 5,000 miles on it. Free and clear. We paid it off. Isn't it a Ford Focus AMG? Yeah, it's an AMG package, guys. Also has the M package from Mercedes. It has AMG and M package. It's super dope. So we pulled some money together and then we also were like, you know what? That's not enough. What if somebody wins that can't accept the car? Maybe they're too young. Maybe they can't drive. Maybe they're overseas and they're in our audience. And so Jamil and I pulled together another $10,000. And so tonight we're going to give some of that money I made and some money Jamil has made by deals that we've done that we have raised private capital with. Okay. Now, a lot of you guys are going to say, well, how do I raise private capital? And that is why we have Amy on the screen. As you guys can see, Amy's going to go into probably 30, 40 minutes of, you know, the easiest ways to raise private capital kind of top line view and then we'll jump into some Q&A. I'm going to let Jamil go in 21 minutes. He actually has something he needs to go to in 21 minutes. So right now, what we're going to do is we're going to give away the car. If you are in this live, which we have 1065 people in this live right now, everybody say hi to Amy. Amy's never done a live with us, by the way. She's got no idea how crazy this crowd can get. I'm very excited. I'm a little nervous, but it's good. You should be nervous because you want a car, Amy, just kidding. Somebody else in the audience. That's so good. Okay. So we're going to give away a car here in the next couple of minutes. Jamil, I'm going to bring you up on here. What we did, guys, is we took over 3,000 names that submitted to enter into this. And Jamil and I put into a list, we're not very technical, guys. I'm sorry. I know there's apps for this and I know that there's websites and some engineer in here is like, I could have written a code, you know, with C++ coding language that could have randomized this. But we just put everybody into a list. We had one of our virtual assistants put it all in a list and Jamil is literally going to go old school. He's going to scroll through the name. I'm actually starting now. Okay. He's going to scroll through and click on a name. And whatever that name is, if you're in Israel, I hope I don't have to ship this car to you. Okay. Honestly, I think that'll be difficult to do, pace. But my understanding is we should only have Canadian or American entrance. I think we have two people from Israel. Do we have a couple of people from Israel? Cool. Yeah, we do. And here's what, if you're outside of the country and you win the car, you know what we're going to do is we'll probably sell this car and go buy you a car in your home to send you some shekels, wherever you live. We'll send you your version of shekels. Yeah, we'll figure it out. We'll make it super easy. So, guys, this is what we do. We do crazy stuff. How many, how much, guys, by the way, how much money did you pay to be in this life? How much money did you guys pay to be in this life? Amy, can you see the side chat, by the way? Ditto. Yeah, I can see it. Yep. Love it. Zero. Okay, so what happens a lot of times is that you see all these gurus and all these people that are always like, hey, we're doing a free live and it's always like some webinar to sell some shit. And I don't mind that. I don't hate it. I'm fine with it. It's just not how we do things. We literally, and I'm not calling them out. I'm just setting the tone so that the next time you guys see that we're talking about giving something away, this is literally what we do. We're going to give that something away within less than 20 minutes of doing the live. Have you guys ever seen anybody do stuff like this? 12,200 people are in this life today. Pretty cool. They all came to see Amy. The second they knew Amy was coming, they showed up. All right. So, Jim mill, should we do it right now? I'm like, I'm nervous. I'm nervous for the 1200 people that are like listening in here. One of these, one of you guys has a car in my phone. That's so cool. That's pretty dope. So guys, real quick, before Jim mill ends up selecting somebody, I want to know if you guys won that car, what would you do with it? Now, some people are going to say, I don't need a car. I would actually give it away to somebody. I'm here to learn how to raise private capital. Somebody else is going to say, I would sell it and use the cash and go buy a bunch of weed with it. Whatever it is that you're going to do with the money, tell us what you would do with the car. Tell us what you would do with either regifting it or if it would change your life. I can't tell you how many DMs I got of people saying, I desperately need that car. My car is broke down. My this, my, you know, my transmission is broken. I've never had a car. I'm sharing with my brother or whatever it is. I want to see in the comments, man, we got 1200 people here for a freaking Ford Taurus or what is it? Escort, what is it? It's a focus. Oh, it's a Ford focus, okay? Focus pace, focus. Lift kit, love it. Somebody says they do put a lift kit with somebody put a spoiler on it, maybe a subwoofer. It's got fog lights. It's got fog lights. Guys, it has a VHS player. No, no, no, that what is it? CD player. We, we, we put a body kit on it. Daniel says he'd sell it and pay for mentorship. Daniel, what mentorship would you join? Maybe, you know, if you know what mentorship you would join, I would go join the same one. Turo, I like that one. Somebody says they would rent it out. They would do it as a Turo. I like that. That's super smart. Somebody says they would join sub two. You don't need to join sub two. Just work with my students in the sidetrack, guys. If you, if you are a sub two student, please throw up your peace sign. Tell people where you're from so people know exactly who you are. 1200 people. When we hit, I want to make sure we're not growing because people are still trickling in here. I want to make sure that when the person wins, they are actually in here. When we hit 1200, we're going to name the winner. Do. Okay. 1100 people throw your rockets up, baby. Throw your rockets up. Throw your astronaut. There we go. We would give the car to Joseph's brother. I like that. That's cool. What I like seeing is that not everybody needs a car and that what they would do is they would either a they turn into a business like a Turo, b, they would give it away to somebody else, c, they would actually change their individual life. If it didn't change their life, they would pass it to somebody whose life would dramatically change from it, which is pretty cool. Look at this. All right. Okay. So here's the flow. We're at 1200 and six people. You late mother truckers. I can't believe you guys show up to my live where I'm giving away a car. 15 minutes late. Come on guys. We did it late at night just for you guys. Come on. I'm like, I'm passing by like names. I know. Now I'm like, yeah, and I'm like, oh, when do I stop? Stop it right on pace, morbby. I don't know what it is, but everybody that flies into Phoenix is like, yo, you have an extra car and my answer is usually, yeah, I'm going to choose it. Hold on. I got it. I'm not going to say it yet, but I know it. You know it? You know the one with the car. I know the one I'm tired of scrolling. I got it. Do you know this person? No. I have no idea who this person is. So that's even even cooler. So they're not a student of yours or not a student of mine. It could be a student of yours, but they're definitely not a student of mine. All right. Now I'm all, I'm like sweaty, bro. So here's what I do. Jameel's going to name the winner. We're not going to deliberate over it much. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to let Jameel go. Amy and I are going to hang out for 30, 40 minutes. Then we might do some Q and A. And then I'm going to give away $10,000 towards the end of the life. And what will happen is I'm going to wire transfer money to you tomorrow. And what I want you to do, whoever wins this money, I want you guys to take a screenshot of the money once it hits your account. Somebody's going to get a wire transfer. And I'm going to send over $10,000. And when they take a screenshot of their account, it's going to be $9,682. Because somebody, you know somebody is going to win this 10 grand as like negative 200 bucks. Does anybody have a negative bank account right now? I'd be, I'd be, Nazly says me. Christian says, give me that money. I freaking dare you. Danica Scott said that would be on me. Unfortunately, Danica, I'm going to tell you something. Jameel, have you ever had a negative bank account in your life? Hell yeah. Any circumstances you've remembered in the past. By the way, I know how much the money this guy has. He shows me his bank account every day. So it's not negative anymore. What were the circumstances that got me to negative? No, just like, what were you going through at that time? Bro, all of it, man, I was, I was, I sucked. I was that person that just everything was happening in my life that I thought was outside of my control. I was affected by my environment. I was affected by people. I was affected by everything. And everything stopped me. I was paralyzed, paralyzed from inaction, paralyzed because I wanted to let myself be victimized, paralyzed from my own behaviors, paralyzed from my own stories, paralyzed from my own incompetency, paralyzed from my own behaviors, paralyzed. paralyzed from my own addiction, paralyzed from everything. Life sucked balls. And that's just a product of not having purpose, not knowing why you wake up every day. And what it is, God put you on this planet to do. And I feel like, I know your story about living in LA and then ultimately moving to Arizona on 12, 12, 2012. The day you moved to Arizona was on 12, 12, 2012. And it was because somebody gave you an opportunity, Mr. Tim Wynn, who I know, gave you an opportunity, showed you a path of making a ton of money and you trusted in that path and you came and moved out to Arizona on 12, 12, 2012. Yes, sir. What were you going through at that time? Do you remember? I don't want to get into anything personal for you, but you had, like you couldn't even afford your wife's medication. No, so I moved from LA to Phoenix. You know, for those of you that know, I was trying to make it as a comedian and Los Angeles and it didn't work. But I saw an opportunity for myself in real estate and I had already made it once really big in real estate, but I lost it all in the financial crisis of O8 and I needed to do something different because comedy wasn't paying and I was engaged. I was about to inherit a family and I needed to get my act together. I needed to make something happen. And the worst part was, Paces, you know, I bring my fiance at the time now, my wife, Natalie to Phoenix and within a couple of months of her moving to Phoenix, the poor girl gets a super bug. And for those of you that aren't aware of what a super bug is, a super bug is an antibiotic resistant virus or bacteria that will ultimately kill you because nothing will kill it. And so, or very strong or very rare antibiotics, expensive antibiotics are what's needed to kill the bug. And so after about a month of my wife's suffering, we almost lost her, right? She almost passed because of it and she was literally on her deathbed in our home waiting for just what was going to happen. And I felt like the biggest loser in the world because I couldn't pay $6,000 for my wife's prescription. Because that's what it costs and I didn't have health insurance. And that is not an okay place to be, but I'll tell you what, on the Sunday morning that I woke up and I decided that I just wasn't going to stop until I connected the dots and put something together, I ended up making a cold call to Chris Eiman, who ultimately bought two houses from me that day and that Monday, I was able to get a check or I think $78,000 and I ran right to the pharmacy and I paid that prescription. I got my wife better and a few months later, my life was different. The reason why I wanted you to tell that story, thank you so much, is I want people to recognize, even though we've got 1,300 people in here right now anticipating who's going to win the car. A lot of people think that they are married to their circumstances or their environment, maybe they're just stuck, maybe they feel like no matter what happens to them, they feel like they're running in quicksand. And I wanted to show you guys that somebody like Jamil Damdew, who does 90 to 100 deals a month worth millions and millions of dollars has a TV show traveling all over the country doing epic, epic stuff at one point couldn't even afford health insurance, which resulted in not being able to afford his own wife, the woman who he married and that you promised at the altar that you would provide for her financially, you couldn't even afford her medication. There's nothing more emasculating, there is nothing more desperate than being in a position where you can't uphold a promise that you've made to your wife. I can't say that, I can't stress that enough. And so any of you guys that are going through it right now, that are living through a calamity, an adversity, an obstacle, self-doubt, self-worth issues, anything that you might be going through right now that's stopping you from reaching your potential or at least taking a step towards your potential because guys reaching your potential is fake. I'm never, God, may I never reach my potential because I want to always grow. I want to always grow. But you've got to get to where you're headed, you've got to get to the next stop, you've got to get to what's next. And I hope that if any of you are sitting on the other side of this screen right now and something's in your life, something's happening that isn't ideal, that you understand that there's hope, that you're here and you are taking a step towards proving to not only yourself but to your creator and to your family and to the people that care about you and to the universe that will provide you new opportunities and doors to walk through that you're here for it. And that's what matters. Thank you, brother. One last question for you before we announce the winner. We got 1,320 people all here showed up for Amy. People like wait, we're giving away a car. One last question. I invented time machine. I walk over to you right now and I say, hey, jump in this time machine in the state that you have a TV show. You're about to give away a car and change somebody's life. You change somebody's life every single day with what you're doing and how hard you work and the people that you serve all the time. I mean, this is probably the 50th time you and I have given away something significant. But here you are giving away a car to somebody, hopefully changing their life. Guys, we literally went out and bought this car, got the title, paid cash for this thing, just to give it away. We didn't win this thing. Somebody can gift this to us. We went down and I had Eric on my team actually go through and look for a car that's super economical. We looked at gas prices and we saw what was going on. We hear a lot of what is happening in people's lives right now. And here you are affecting change and doing things and manifesting. You can jump into that time machine and go back to the moment when you found out you won't be able to pay for your wife's medication. What's one thing or a couple of things, couple sentences you would have said to yourself, either uplift yourself or show yourself like, hey, man, this is what's, you know, is the future for you. What's one piece of advice you would tell yourself? Honestly, and this is so corny, but I would go back and just tell myself you're exactly where you need to be. Keep going. Damn, that's good. Every one of you are exactly where you're supposed to be. Keep going. Every one of you, you are exactly where you are supposed to be. Keep going. Amazing. All right, brother, let's change some of his life. Heavy. I hope it's me. I have to actually read the name because I don't, I don't, I don't know who this person is. Hey, ready? I'm ready. Wayne Clifford. Wayne Clifford. Wayne Clifford. Wayne Clifford. Wayne Clifford. Wayne Clifford. You are the brand new owner of a 2024 vehicle. Wayne in here. Wayne, Wayne, Wayne. We will bring you up on the stage if you are here. The challenge with doing this sometimes is there's people that are working. We get 3,000 people that show up, or I'm sorry, 3,000 people registered for the short notice live. We figured this out like last Friday. We decided to do it. We had 3,000 people registered and we've only got 1,1335 people here. So there's 1,700 people. Well, Wayne, what's his name? My last name? Clifford. Wayne Clifford. You are the proud new owner of a vehicle. So Kelly Hano on my team, I'm sure she's listening. I'm sure she's in the audience. Kelly, let's reach out to Wayne. And if Wayne's not in here, which I'm not seeing his name right now, I can't. I'm not seeing anybody. He's not a substitute student. He's not a substitute student. Nope, that's not. I bro, I know every single student. That's not a student. I don't see him in there. All right. So guys, whoever, if Wayne Clifford's in here, please let us know. He's going to change their air meet name to Wayne Clifford real quick. I'm sure. So Kelly Hano, please reach out. So a lot of people that submitted their name actually told us why they were submitting and what they were going through. And Wayne did it. Well. Yeah. So Kelly, please find out who Wayne Clifford is. And let's figure out what the story is behind that. Let's reach out to Wayne. We need to. We'll do a follow up YouTube video or something if Wayne's not in here. So Jamil, I know you got to go at 630. Brother. Love you. I love you too. See you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. All right. Let's get him off the stage. How about that? Okay. So Amy, I'm going to introduce you here in a couple of minutes. So guys, here's what we have in store. Amy, Amy, how do you, how do we pronounce your name properly? Missouri. Okay. Got it. So Amy, everybody, Amy is here to teach us about raising private capital. And though with a way that Jamil and I were actually able to give away money today, we're giving away 10 grand today. And I think I'm going to give away $10,000 just to one of my students next week as well. That'll be done on a private Zoom just inside of my sub two zooms. But today we're going to give away $10,000 of that to anybody. Okay. I designated out of this $400,000 profit deal I did. I took the majority of that money. I then paid off private money lenders that I used for that deal and other private money lenders on other deals. And then I had about $120,000 left over and I said I was going to take half of what was left over, invest it into money making activities. And I was going to take the other $60,000 and I was going to give it away. We already bought somebody in my family a vehicle. So people are always, people are always making comments to me like you need to help your own family. You're always helping people. You don't know. Guys, my family's fine. Okay. I spent some of that money helping somebody in my family. Then I decided to spend the other, I think what we decided was like $40,000 is what was left over and we're giving that away to our audience. Okay. So today we give away $12,000. We're going to give away another $10,000 towards the end of Amy's deal. So before she starts jumping in and I start interrupting her like I normally do guys, I'm going to tell you at 7, 10, we're going to give away the $10,000. Okay. 7, 10. So that's in what is that? 40 minutes, less than 40 minutes. Okay. So I'm going to give Amy 38 minutes to do her education and help you guys out. Right before we go into Q&A, I'm going to give away $10,000. And you guys will see. You guys unfortunately will see that we have 1,360 people here right now. And those 1,360 people came here for something free. They're not going to be here for the Q&A. You'll see probably 4,500 of our audience dip once the $10,000 is given away. It's unfortunate that we're all here to hang out and be part of this amazing community and that some people just come for the free shit. But that's okay. That's perfectly fine. I want to show people what we're doing. I want to spread the love. I want to spread the wealth. I want to do all that kind of stuff. And if that's what it takes for us to all get together, then that's perfectly fine. So in 40 minutes, we'll give that $10,000 away. So as Kate mentioned earlier, I am a real estate investor. I've been investing in a real estate over the last 10 years and during that time, I raised millions of dollars in private money. And the result of that has been pretty cool. It's provided me with the opportunity to say yes to every amazing deal that comes across our desks. And it's also allowed me to help thousands of investors all over the country and put them in the position to say yes as well. So the cool thing about private money, you guys, is it doesn't matter if you're a New Experience, if you have credit or not, or if you have any personal assets. Your liquidity is completely irrelevant as it pertains to your ability to have success. So we're going to get into all of that this evening in just 30 minutes. I always like to start off with an earnings disclaimer because I feel like it's the right thing to do. And this is just, you know, we're all adults, but I'm just here to let you know that we're going to make money in real estate. We're going to lose money. And I'm just here to share with you what systems have worked for me and what you guys choose to do with that is on you. Also we are all adults here. You guys can take a picture or a screenshot. This is for educational and informational purposes only. I am not here to give you guys any professional or legal advice, but now that the fun step is out of the way, we are going to get straight to the point. We're going to be very clear and concise tonight you guys. So I'm going to take you through what private money is, what it is not, where you guys can find it and how we can actually get our hands on it, how we can start to see these transactions, come to fruition. Now these are a lot of common fears and objections that us as real estate investors incur in the beginning, right? The number one thing that stops us from taking action is fear. It's fear of the unknown. It's not knowing whether or not these systems or processes are going to work. So if any of you have been thinking these things, these are completely normal. Maybe you're thinking, I don't have experience. This is never going to work. I got to put my own money into deal first or maybe you've thought, I've tried raising private money and it just doesn't work for me. I don't have any skin in the game. We're constantly being told. You got to have skin in the game, skin in the game, right? What's your skin in the game? So all that means is whoever you're talking to is more than likely a hard money lender or a broker, nothing's wrong with that. They're just not going to give you 100%. We're going to talk about why private money is so amazing and how you can get 100% funding plus all of your caring costs when you know how to access private money. Another common fear is I feel bad. I don't want to ask this person for money. I don't want them to think they're doing me a favor or I don't know anyone with money. Amy, you're saying this is so easy. I don't have any. Amy, you know what's funny is like literally every one of these fears that you're bringing up, I went through all of this stuff, every single part of it. And then once you learn how to raise private capital, you forget that you felt that way. And then when people ask you how to raise private capital, I'm like, it's so easy, man. It's so easy. I'm like, why doesn't everyone know how to do this? I don't understand. It's interesting. A lot of it is mindset stuff. So I'm glad you're bringing this up. This is awesome. Keep going. Oh, good. There is a lot of mindset. We'll talk about that too. So, you know, like I don't have any rich friends or family members. Great. Guess what you guys? I am one of very few investors and educators out there who will tell you you do not need to depend on your friends and family members for money. Now if you want to, awesome. That's great. What I'm going to share with you tonight will work with friends and family members or with complete strangers, including your Uber drivers. I'm going to talk about that in a little bit as well. Or maybe you're thinking, I've got no credit or bad credit. This is never going to work for me. Or I don't have the time. Like, Amy, I get it. I see the power in raising private money, but I got a J.O.B. I have a family. I have kids. Like, how in the world am I supposed to get out there and do this? The good news is none of that matters. You guys, I'm going to show you how to make several mindset shifts tonight so that the minute you leave your house, 24-7, you are targeting private money lenders everywhere anywhere that you go. So, what is private money? Look, I know we have some expert investors here tonight and I know we also have some new investors. And here's what I also know. It's the fundamentals of understanding our business. That's vital. It's the fundamentals that make us the best. I will often say, you know, LeBron never stops with the labs or Tom Brady never stops drawing the easy passes. That's what makes us the best. So some of you may know something about raising private money. And what I'm going to do is open up your minds to a whole new perspective to how you can get creative and think outside the box in ways you've never even thought about before. That is going to start pouring money into your business. You are going to have more money coming into your business than you need and then there are going to be a ton of ways that you can use that to diversify and generate multiple streams of income. So when I talk about private money, here's what I'm not talking about. You guys, I'm not talking about banks. And yes, that includes the investor friendly credit unions and community banks. I am not talking about hard money lenders. Love my hard money lenders. I still work with them. That is not what I'm talking about. And I'm not talking about somebody brokering a deal. I'm talking about your Uber driver, the cashier at the grocery store, your neighbors, people at airports, people on airplanes. Everyone here this evening, all 1300 of you. Our prospective private money lenders, people from their church community sporting events, you name it. Anyone and everyone who has cash or assets collecting dust or who has a network of people of influence, people of success, people with entrepreneurial pathways. So it's anyone and everyone. It does not matter whether they have money or assets themselves. The reason we prefer private money you guys, take a screenshot if you would like is because we set the standards. We dictate and we tell them about the opportunity we are offering them. No one's coming to us like all the messages we probably get on various social media sites like LinkedIn for example saying I'm a private money lender, you know, click on this link, fill out my application. I'm going to lend you money at two points and seven percent. That's not what I'm talking about. With private money, you can get 100 percent funding. Let's use a fix and flip for example. For the purchase price, the renovation and all your caring costs. It's 100 percent funding. Nothing is negotiated. You set the standards. Now look, I get it. A lot of us on here don't want a wholesale. Maybe we don't want to flip. Great. Here are six other things that we can do as investors when we have access to private money. Go invest in a commercial syndication. There are so many ways we can structure JVs with our private money lenders or not. Just offer them a return. Go buy rental properties. So many people in this country can maybe afford to buy one rental property a year. Maybe as investors, you know, our goal is to buy one rental property for example per month. Why not go buy five tomorrow? Why not expedite your path to financial freedom, your path to retirement by growing your path of income portfolio through private money. Go generate referral fees. You know how many realtors and mortgage brokers out there come to me saying, I don't want to be an active investor. I have investor clients though. So show me how to raise capital so I can raise money for them and we can do more deals together. Maybe you want to buy that? I'm so glad you bought that up. That's such a great point. I call that the wedge strategy. So I have a business partner. I actually is not even a business partner. He was an acquaintance of a guy that's been operating in real estate for a long time. Comes up to me and goes, hey man, I've got a 75 acre development in Kansas City and I need to raise some money and I go, okay, no problem. The next day, one of my investors was like, hey pace, I know you've got this big fund coming up but I got to deploy money now into a deal and I need my hands on a deal and I was like, well, my next deal is not coming up for like 60 days. So I introduced those two people together because I'm trying to constantly provide value to everybody around me. So I connect those two people together. The person who has the development going receives the money from that private investor and turns around and gives me a chunk of ownership in the 75 acre development. Literally no money out of pocket just saying, hey pace, you've referred people over to me. I'm going to bring you on as a partner. I'm going to give you some responsibilities. I'm going to give you some things to be active in this deal now. But you don't, guys, you don't even have to be the person with the deal. Like that's the thing that's crazy is you can be the person that's introducing and bringing people together and I call that wedging yourself between two parties. I'll probably make $2 million on that project over the next three years by having no money out of pocket by just learning what Amy is talking about. I love that and why not, right? You put all of this time and energy and due diligence into building those relationships, right? Why not be selective with who you're introducing into your network? And yeah, there are ways that you can capitalize off that. So I think that that's amazing. So referal fees are a great way, you guys, for you to diversify and generate multiple streams of income. Go invest in commercial deals, retail, multi-family. There is so much that we can do and the eight strategies that you see on the screen are just a handful. Now, when it comes to risk and control, a lot of us already know it's pretty obvious, right? When control goes down, our risk goes up. And this is with anything in life, right? So I vividly remember in 2008, when my retirement account tanked, you know, over 50% and I was upset and I was, you know, going off on my financial advisor and eventually I was like, you know what, Amy, that's your fault. This is your problem because you lack control. So now, as it pertains to raising private money, you guys are number one reason why everyone in this country is not acting as a private money lender or leading you to somebody who can lend is because they're simply not educated on the process. That is it. It's our job to get out there and educate them. So I love to show my private money lenders, for example, how we increase control in our real estate business, which in return reduces our risk, right? I'm not guarantee anything, but I'm saying, hey, look, I increase control, for example, due to my strict buying criteria. Hey, private money lender, look at my deal analyzer, look at every single detailed cost variable going into this deal, including my projected profit. Yes, I will show them when I'm potentially going to make no, they've never come back and said, oh my God, what 12% that's all you're offering me, like I want more. All that's going to do is continue to build their confidence in you, your team, your process, your deal. Other ways to show them how you increase control can be through various credibility pieces, leveraging off your team of experts, right? So we're showing them because we control more of our business in return, the risk to your investment is lower. Now here's what I'll also say. Some of you know, I'm very direct. I'm very black and white. I don't daily daily. I'm going to give you the good, the bad and the in between. I don't guarantee anything, we can't guarantee anything. So I come straight out and I tell my private money lenders after we've started to build rapport and we've had several coffee talks. Hey, look, I can't guarantee you anything. Worst case scenario, you have to be okay, never seeing your $100,000 again. But the probability of that happening is not likely for these reasons, right? I go through all my credibility pieces, which I've already done by this point, so they get it. So think about risk and control and how you can start to highlight how you guys control your business in return and how that will reduce your investments, your investors investment. All right, great Amy, I get it. I understand what private money is. You're telling me it's anywhere and everywhere. I can go raise money from my Uber driver. Yes, that is exactly how Larry, the retired physician ended up being one of my private money lenders. So let's get started. Where do I get this money? I'm going to show you five very specific strategies. You guys can start implementing this tonight. We're going to make another mindset shift. Instead of thinking, I can't raise money because I don't have any experience. Let's squash that you guys. I can raise money by building my foundation first. And this is huge. Building your foundation starts with confidence. All right, so what does that mean? You guys, we got to be confident who we are and what we're doing. What's in it for us? What's in it for them? What is our investment strategy? Why are we leveraging off of OPM? Or people's money? So the very first thing you can do, it begins with Word of Mouth. Tell anyone and everyone who you are and what you are doing. Some of you attended my private money workshop in LA this past Sunday. We talked about this quite a bit. You've actually already started to see results. You can use a four second power pitch. It's 12 words. I will read it a little off right now to start spreading the word in your community. So here's what you can do. Anytime you encounter someone, whether it's someone you've been seen in a long time, a while, or maybe a complete stranger. They say, for example, hey, it's so nice to meet you. What do you do for a living? Instead of talking about your JLB or anything else that you're focused on, I never chose to talk about my full-time job at the time when I got into real estate. I would go right into my four second power pitch, which is I show people how to earn double digit returns backed by real estate. What do you do? It's so nice to meet you. Right? I put it back on them on purpose. And they're like, whoa, what? Real estate, double digit returns. What are you talking about? Tell me more. Four seconds, 12 or 13 words. So drop that four second power pitch. 24-7, the minute you leave your house. Now you guys choose, right? If you have jobs where you need to be a little bit more conservative, pick and choose when you use it. But this is what I would use consistently every day for 18 months with my dormant at our condo in Chicago and every single Uber ride, airports, airplanes, grocery stores. Yes, cashers at the grocery store, people working at shops. It works every single time. And all you're doing is you're just sprinkling and planting seeds. Everybody wants you to repeat that one more time. What's the line? What's the thing you said? I show people how to earn double digit returns backed by investing in real estate. Love it. I've never used that, but I could see how that works. One of the things that I say, I love yours, actually, probably more than mine. When I meet people at meetups, even when you guys come to Clevver Summit, if you're not one of my students, I'm going to go right up to you. Actually, if you are one of my students, I'm going to say the same thing to you. I always introduce myself and I say, why aren't we doing business together? Okay, within meeting somebody in 20 seconds, why aren't we doing business together? Now, I've been saying that before I was doing deals, why aren't we doing business together? Because there's more than one way to do business, right? And what happens is people go, what do you mean? What do you do? How can we collaborate? How can we make money together? It's literally how the first sub two deal I ever bought, ever bought was asked that same question. The first private money lender I got was that question. Why aren't we doing deals together? Why aren't we making money together? Why aren't we in business together? Why aren't we doing something together? What would it take for us to do business together? The cool thing is when you're at meetups, it's almost expectant that these people, if you're going to meetups or events, Clevver Summit, or you're in the side chat, how many people in here do you think I have actual private money from? I know a lot of people in here. Okay, I know a lot of people in here that are private money lenders right now in the side chat, and I also have probably $3 million of people's private money from people just in the side chat. Anybody in here that's ever been a private money lender of mine, if you feel comfortable, say hi in the side chat and say I've loaned money to pace. Guys, private money lenders everywhere. You don't even know it. There's probably a good $50 million in cash sitting in the side chat. Legit. Between $1,400 people, there's probably $50 million. Don't you think? Absolutely, it's amazing. It's very worth it. I literally wrote that down, Amy. I'm sorry I had to cut you off, but that was so good. Say it one more time before you move forward. I show people how to earn double digit returns backed by real estate. Freakin' love it. Thank you. So yeah, so this is your word about just dropping bombs, planting seeds everywhere and anywhere you go. You guys, it doesn't matter if the person you're talking to has money because they're going to know somebody who either has cash or assets. So don't worry about that. I'm not telling you to target friends and family. It's anyone and everyone. So that's number one. Number two, we're going to make another mindset shift. Instead of thinking I can't raise money because I don't know anyone with money, very normal. It becomes, I can't raise money because I have steps. I have a system and more importantly, I know how to identify a private money lender. We did that earlier today, right? Number two is fundraising events. You guys, this is huge. So when I started raising capital, I was single, living in downtown Chicago and this high rise condo and the heart of downtown and going out a lot with my family, girlfriends, whatever. And I finally started to think about, what am I willing to sacrifice and is it really a sacrifice if I'm replacing activity A with activity B. So activity A is me going out with my girlfriends. Activity B is going to a very specific high end fundraising event. They don't all have to be high end. I could care less about the Chicago Auto Show every year that Auto Show rolled around. I invested in a VIP ticket, got all dolled up by myself. My heart still races talking about it because it was weird, right? And I would go to this event because who's at these events? You guys, people with what? Money, right? High net worth individuals, high net worth businesses. And what did I do with the event? How did I get the conversation started? Oh, hey, Amy, it's so nice to meet you. What do you do for a living? It's the four second power pitch, right? So everything is very closely linked to one another. The four second power pitch is your step one from here on out. Think about the fundraising events you can go to, yes, invest in a higher end VIP fundraising event when you can. Also you guys have a voice. So what do I mean by that? The next time somebody asks you where do you want to go for lunch? Where do you want to go for coffee? Don't just do what I used to do, which is say, oh, whatever, I don't care. Just tell me where to go. No, be strategic, you guys. Be calculated. Take a place that you can shop to early or stay later and target prospective private money lenders. What do you say these coffee shops, bars or restaurants, your four second power pitch, right? That's going to open up the door to everything. And then again, remind yourselves, what are you sacrificing? And is it really a sacrifice if you're working towards crushing your goals? I vividly remember losing two of my best girlfriends when I got started on this journey. And it was very hard for me to accept. I still get goosebumps when I share this story. It took me several years to realize and accept that friendships are seasonal and people come in and out of our lives for a reason. And I now accept that they're timing our friendship had expired. And that's it, you guys. So, yeah, I put a lot in, but the rewards have been astronomical. So that's number two. Number three, instead of thinking, I can't obtain 100% funding because I need skin in the game, right? We hear that all the time. It becomes, I can raise money because I know how to nurture my network, right? And I know how to protect, secure and ensure my investors. I'm going to explain this before we move on quickly because it came up on a live coaching call earlier today. These three words are key, key, you guys write it down. Protect, secure and ensure. We protect our private money lenders with the promissory note, simply summarizing the terms and condition of our agreement. We secure their investment because we're recording a mortgage attached to the property, right? That's their collateral. They have a tangible asset now. We cannot sell the property without getting a payoff letter from them. And then lastly, we ensure their investment by adding them as a beneficiary or loss PE to our builder's risk insurance policy or whatever the deal is. It might be a landlord policy, right? So the third thing that we can do immediately as a pertains to starting to raise capital right now is be more mindful of our online presence. Now I'm talking about two things here. Number one is whether we like it or not, every private money lender we talk to or meet with is going to Google us and go to our website. So you don't have to have a fancy high end website. That's not what I'm saying. You don't have something, even a landing page is totally fine. Five bucks a month, whatever. Just something that when you are your lender's Google you or they ask for your website, they have somewhere to see who you are and what you do. Number two, as it pertains to social media, if you don't already have these three platforms in place, I would invite you to consider setting up an Instagram account, LinkedIn and Facebook. For those of you thinking, I don't want my friends and family to know what I'm doing. I follow up to that as why and if they don't support you, it's okay. You're in a tight knit community. Don't talk about what you do to them. Talk about it to your coaches, mentors or other community members. And think about it, you guys social media is free marketing and advertising. There are very tactful and respectful ways that we can highlight what we are doing as new or experience real estate investors on social media. So start posting a variety of diverse content. You don't have anything, go to HTTB, take stuff from Paces page, start sharing it with your network. You guys are all looking at properties, right? Go take your phones and do a selfie. Hey you guys about to walk this distress property, stay tuned for updates, put it on Instagram. You're not saying it's yours, you're not saying you're going to buy it, but get creative you guys. So your online presence will also play a role in us seeing results faster when it comes to raising capital. Number four. My one by four by 30 method is a system that I implemented from day one consistently every single Thursday. So what does that mean? So one by four by 30. One day a week, I would pre schedule four, 30 minute one on one every single Thursday morning with prospective private money lenders. Here's what that does not mean. It does not mean that I would wake up Thursday morning and be like, oh snap, I got to fill my calendar with four phone calls or four coffee talks. It's Thursday. No, it means I was strategic and calculated Friday through Tuesday. I am vetting social media, vetting networking events, making phone calls, talking to people, implementing that four second power pitch to fill my calendar for Thursday morning. And I would schedule these 30 minute coffee talks back to back to back. There's no break in between. I want the next private money lender to come in and see me talking to somebody so that they see that sense of urgency. Oh, like that person is about to invest with Amy. I better pull the trigger sooner than later. So that's my one by four by 30 method. And a really great way for you guys to get creative and think outside the box is by applying this method on LinkedIn. Now naturally, we might be thinking, okay, let's go to LinkedIn and start searching for you know, investor private money, private money lender completely normal. I would say great start that way. You will get some results. But how do we get creative and think outside the box? So I went into LinkedIn back in the day and I started doing a key term search for financial advisor, investment banker, stock broker. They don't have anything to do with real estate, right? But who do they know? People with money, right? So I'd message them 80% of the time. They didn't respond back and no, I did not send them a book of an email. It was two sentences. And the 20% that did respond though resulted in a coffee talk and then referrals and then follow up meetings. So start implementing this one by four by 30 method. Make it your own, whether it's two meetings a week or eight meetings a week. And think about all the different avenues that you can leverage from when it comes to filling up your calendar. The fifth strategy, which is so funny because Pace you talked about this earlier, is various sorts of entrepreneurial events specifically meet up. You guys, this one was huge for me as well. This LinkedIn strategy I just shared with you in meet up, they were my top two social media strategies for generating millions and millions of dollars. So here's what I would do. I would go into meet up and I would do a key term search for entrepreneurs or venture capitalists. I could have cared less if the entrepreneurial event had anything to do with real estate. I'm talking about I was going to events in the food and beverage industry, the gaming industry, the tech industry, medical industry. It did not matter because every entrepreneur has had to build a team and raise money. So guess what? If they don't want to help you or they're not in a position to help you, they're going to know somebody who can. What do you say at these meet up events? How do you open up the conversation with your four second power pitch? Right? So it's consistency, it's getting creative. Nothing here that I shared with you guys are strategies that we don't have access to or mindset shifts that we can't make on a day to day basis. These are easy ways for you guys to leverage from the resources around you starting right now. So remember, at the end of the day, you guys, you're not asking for anything. All you are doing is providing others with an opportunity to invest. You have to believe this. You got to make that mindset shift. Don't even start planting seeds until you believe this because if our audience senses any sort of timidness or uncertainty in our voices, they are not going to invest with us. Done period, we have lost that lead. So for those of you who are introverts or you're not as comfortable or confident yet, it's not a big deal, you guys. Practice. Once you start with, record yourself, write it down, memorize it, play the recording back, make sure we don't sound robotic. Nobody wants to hear those credit card companies, associate us with those credit card companies who call us all the time. So remember, we're not asking for anything. We are providing others with an opportunity to invest. And for those of you who want to get in touch with me, connect with me, I'm always sharing videos or content or tips and strategies on Instagram. I'd be more than happy to answer any of your questions and pace. I don't know what this time permit for Q&A now or how you would like to proceed. I already know what I'm going to do for Q&A. Something epic. Amy, are you friends with Pete Vargas? Oh, I know who he is. We're not like tight. But yeah. Yeah, I know. Pete Vargas just sent me, actually, I've got a couple things to tell you guys. I just had a conversation with, sorry, forgot his name. Hold on a second. Very sorry. He's not one of my students. He's not one of Jamil's students, Wayne Clifford. Just had a conversation with Wayne Clifford on, he's the gentleman on the car. I'm going to try and say this as fast as possible so I don't cry. But his story is that he has cancer. He lost his job. He can, he had a car payment. He couldn't afford his car payment. So he sold his car last year because he's not able to work. He's basically on disability. And that car will allow him to get around town without asking people for help. So Wayne Clifford, great story guys. We changed Wayne's life. He is currently in treatment for cancer. So he personally, personally reached out to Kelly on my team and got on the phone with me and we just changed that man's life right here on this live. So hopefully you guys feel good about that. That's honestly what raising private capital is done for me is allow me to get into deals. It allow me to make a ton of money. And then it allows me to refinance those deals out, pay those, those lenders off over time and then go and benefit other people with all this cool stuff. So that's one thing I want to tell you. Second thing I want to tell you is Pete Vargas who runs all of Grant Cardone's events. He runs all the 10X events and all that kind of stuff. Pete Vargas is in town. And he asked Jamila and I if we could go to dinner tonight. And Jamila suggested let's go to somewhere in local to your spot and I suggested Olive Garden. I said let's go to Olive Garden bro. Like who you're probably used to going to dinner is it costs $500 a dinner. Why don't we go to Olive Garden trying to keep it under 100 bucks. And so I'm going to be going to Olive Garden here shortly but I want to do two things. I want to give away $10,000 to somebody in this live because Amy has been blessing everybody for the last bit. Guys did you get anybody learn the thing or two from Amy? You can see how this is honestly like a full day event. So what I'm going to do, check this out. On Sunday morning guys I teach raising private capital from my experience. I'm not an educator on raising private capital other than from my experience. So what I want to do is I saw a lot of questions in here like how do you do the paperwork? When do they get paid back? How do you structure the percentages? How do you have that conversation when somebody says, so if Amy's up for it she can join us but I'm going to do this regardless. Sunday morning I'm going to invite all my sub two students and all of the astro students and anybody that used Amy's link to attend the virtual event student or non student. If you guys attend our part of the action takers extraordinaire club that's essentially it. Who used Amy's link by the way or Amy will you put your link back in there? Yes, absolutely. Please anybody that used her link what here's what I'm going to do I'm going to do a four hour zoom on Sunday morning. My students are used to four or five hours, zooms with me but other people are not and I'm going to do it all about raising private capital. I'll do full on Q and A. What I'll do guys is I'll show you stuff like let's see what do I got on my desktop that I can show you. I've got deals that I'm doing right now we're raising private capital. I'll show you how the paperwork is structured. I'll show you the flow. I'll show you where the money goes. How the payments get made like I'll literally go through the technical parts of all of this stuff for you on Sunday morning. So if anybody wants to see that will you put that back in there by the way? Which one? Your your link because I want to make sure I give this up because I'm going to I'm going to all of garden in five minutes. So I'm out. I'm not doing Q and A today. I'm going to go hang out and what I'll do for it. Sunday morning. It'll probably be what you're in Cali, right? Look at my girl Tunisha apps. Tunisha apps is the best. Okay, pin. Okay. So guys, if you look at the pinned deal, anybody that goes to the virtual event uses Amy's link. Obviously I'm not being paid for this any any of that stuff. I just want to provide a ton of value to you guys. You need to learn a lot more about raising private capital, which is one of the reasons why you should listen to Amy when she goes to Clevver Summit. You guys should get into her world. But just to because I feel bad, I'm cutting the Q and A off tonight. I'll do a four hour dissertation on raising private capital for you guys where I show you documents and paperwork and any of my students in here that have learned raising private capital from me. Please tell people like the value level you get from those four hour lives. It's not going to be alive. It'll be a zoom. And what I love about zoom is it's easier for everybody to see each other rather than just comments. You can see each other's faces and zooms pretty cool that way. And then I can you guys can raise your hand. I'll do four hours dedicated. Okay. Four hours. If you are either a sub two student, I'll everybody obviously you guys know how I send out the link will email everybody. I will email all of Jim Mills team. I rarely do lives with Astro like I rarely will ever do a Q and A with Astro. Just because they're kind of learning different things and what I teach my students and so it's a little bit different of a path. Both paths lead to success, but I'm just saying. So I'll teach you guys about that and then anybody that has actually taken action and proven me to me that they're an action taker. Amy, I'm going to tell you something super interesting. A lot of people will like well, you should give everything away, which I do. I do I have three podcasts. I do five YouTube videos a week. I am on stage all the time. I give give give give give give give give give give. There's always somebody is like, why do you charge for some of your stuff? So Amy, the way I got notoriety and like gain traction as an influencer, so to speak, in Arizona originally was I used to drive around in my Prius and post on Instagram stories when Instagram stories was like first coming out. And I would tell people I will drive you around town, take you on appointments, show you what it looks like to raise capital, show you what it looks like to smell a job site, show you how I manage my cruise. Show you how I lock up sub two and create a finance deal show you my portfolio, walk you through this that and the other. I'll spend a whole day with you. And I would post this on Instagram and I would tell people if you want to spend the whole day with me, I have three spots open in my Prius, meet me at Circle K at 6 a.m. on Saturday morning. Okay. And the first time I did this, nobody showed up because I didn't have anybody following me. The second time I did this, I had three people show up, which was a perfect fit because I had three seats in my car. The third time I did this, I had 20 people show up. And by the tenth time I did it, it was a line that was over I think like 160 people were showing up at Circle K on Saturday morning in Arizona to get a ride along with me. This was years ago. So a lot of people still remember me from those ride along days. Well, here's the thing that I'm leading into is Brent Daniels, one of my friends, said to me, he says, you're crazy, man. People pay attention to what they pay for. So you're going around and you're teaching all this stuff to people and they're not going to take action on it because they're not paying for it. I was like, I don't want to charge people. I'm not an educator. I'm not a this. I'm not a that. And he goes, bro, you charge people a dollar. It changes the psychology and their brain of something that they're now committed to. And so even though this is not my event, this is not Amy's event, I want to give value to people at a very, very high level, but I want to do it for people who take action. That's it. And so Brent Daniels convinced me like, you can give and give and give but it's the people that typically invest a dollar or more that pay attention to what they pay for. So anybody that is going to Amy's virtual link or you're a sub two student of mine or you're an astro student, I will give you guys four hours. I will give you four hours on Sunday morning and how am I going to know? Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to text Cody spurber right now. And I'm going to say Cody anybody that's used Amy's link, please email them my zoom link. And Sunday morning you guys will hang out with me for four hours. I have nothing to sell you. I have nothing to do. And literally I will give you four hours of just raising private capital, but like the nitty gritty. Hey, look at this wire transfer. This is where the money landed. Look what I did with the money. Here's my agreement. Here's the structure. Here's when I paid that seller back. How much what was the deal? Where did I get the deal from? Where did I find the private money lender? By the way, Amy, this is an interesting thing. Do you know every time I raise money, every time I do it through a zoom with the private money lender and my pitch is always recorded on a zoom every time. I have hundreds and hundreds of zooms that I've recorded over the years where every private money lender that I've ever raised money from does it I do it through a zoom one on one. And I show people exactly how I raise capital. So if you guys come to that, I will give my students permission to share one of those recordings with you guys. If you guys come into that on Sunday, all right. All right. So the link has been pinned guys. Let's do this. I'm going to give away $10,000 freaking dollars. All right. All right. Here let me get to the list real quick. Just a second. Jamil's calling me right now. Hold on a second. I actually know that I feel bad. This is one of my students. Hold on. Hey, what up? Oh, you want to be here for that? Okay, don't hold on a second. Jamil's back. Let's get Jamil on here. He actually knows this person as well. Let's get him on here. What up dog? Hi. This is somebody that you and I just saw actually in Atlanta. You know them. Yeah. Who is it? Christina Solara. Get out of here. Yeah. One of my students and a mastermind student. Hey. Hey. $10,000. That's the Rex, the Rex, the Rex, the Rex. Christina. $10,000. She's in the chat. She is. Let's see. Yeah, I see her here. Christina, look at this. People. Okay. Now, here's the thing is we're also going to give away another $10,000 on Sunday morning. Damn. This money actually didn't come from you and I. Where did this 10K come from? This came from Prime Corporate Services, Steve Hardwood. He heard what we were doing and he sent me a text and he said, he said, throw $10,000 on the ring in my name. Amazing. So we're going to give $10,000 away on Sunday morning. It's not our money. So we're going to give that away. It's going to be amazing. Okay. So let's get Christina on here. Hold on. Hold on a second. That's amazing. Dude, we just saw her in freaking Atlanta. Christina, where is she? Amy, you crushed it. Thank you, sir. I appreciate that. I just invited Christina to the stage. So let's see if she's in here. I have no idea what I'm doing. I can hear you. Here you go. Yeah. You can hear me. Okay. Sorry. I am my daughter sitting here trying to show me. It says my camera's unavailable. It's okay. We can hear your voice and everybody can see your KS on the screen. Okay. Congratulations. You got $10,000. And honestly, I'm so grateful that it's going to you because of how much you're constantly serving other people. You and your daughters are constantly serving and serving and serving and serving and serving. I'm very happy it's going to you. Thank you. Yeah. There are two of them are actually sitting right here. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yeah. Well, we're excited for you guys. Christina, do me a favor. Okay. I want you to get with, send me a text message. I'll get you with Tony counts, my bookkeeper, and show why are you $10,000 on tomorrow. Wow. Thank you guys so much. Like, holy cow. Thank you. Here's the thing, Christina. This is why I'm so happy it's going to you is because you, just like all of the other sub two students and astro students are, you guys come from a nature of being a go-giver. And yes, this $10,000 might benefit you and your daughters somehow. So what do you think you're going to guys going to do with the $10,000? Well, she's got three vehicles in her driveway right now that have all broken or caught on fire. So I think we're going to get that straightened out first. Are you serious? I'm so serious. I've been in Greenville, South Carolina for two and a half weeks. I was supposed to be here for two days. I'm ready to go home. Wow, that's amazing. Well, we love you. The community loves you. We'll get you that $10,000 tomorrow. Here's what I want you to do, Christina. Do me a favor when you guys get up, that all sorted. Make a quick video for us. Okay, we'll post it on social media. And then what I want you to do is immediately you and your daughters, I want you to find five, six, seven people to pay it forward to. And I want you to go out and get some deals done. And I want you to help a bunch of other people. I know you're already doing this, but I want you to double down on it because this community, Jamil, myself, we believe in you. And that's why we're investing this money in you. Okay. Thank you so much. I actually had a live Zoom this morning from my hotel with Joel, the Eskimo. We are in my daughter, Victoria, and we're teaching non-students how to cold call and go get deals. And we're squatting up with the list that you gave out two weeks ago. So thank you for that. It opened up the door for us to be able to work with other people. So we're trying to double down and do that. You know, when we first started in real estate, I couldn't even get people to go on appointments with me. Nobody wanted to even show me how they ran an appointment when they were talking to a seller. And so people ask us all the time, why are you guys always helping? And why are you guys not charging for anything? You know, we obviously we charge for like private access to us, obviously. But why are you guys doing this YouTube stuff and these books and all this kind of stuff for free? And the reason being is because it didn't exist when we tried to get into the game. And it took us, the learning curve was so much longer. And so we want to make it accessible. But more important, we want to turn you, people like Christina and hundreds of other students of ours in the side chat. We want you guys to be leaders to non-students like Joel, the Eskimo who's always on our YouTube lives. I am so happy that somebody's reached out to him. He's a non-student of mine, non-student of Astro, and you guys are out there helping them out. Exactly what we want this community doing. You know, it's all changed the game. Every one of our lives. He's on all the lives, he's on every wholesale hotline, he's on every Sunday service, like guys like that who are, may just not have the resources to join a mentorship. They're squatting up with people that are in our mentorships and they're crushing it. And they're learning the things they need to learn. So Christina, you're amazing. Christina, we do that for making you and your daughters commit to showing us what you're doing to pay it forward because we want to pay not only forward the actions that you're going to do, but also show other people that they should be doing the same thing by inspiring them by what you do. Yes, we will and we always will no matter what we will always pay it forward. Gracie says we will always pay it forward pace. Thank you, Gracie. We'll always help people knowing that we have no benefit to gain from it. Just by knowing that they will gain benefit and one day be as successful as us. Christina, are you thinking raising these girls right or what? My word. I think so. I sure hope so. They all have really big hearts. And I don't think they know what to say here really right now, but that's kind of what we do, right? We all have a heart for giving sometimes. Sometimes we get ourselves in trouble, right? We love to give. That's why we resonate so much with you guys. Our whole plan, our whole business model is wrapped around the concept of being able to help people on a much, much larger scale. Thank you so much. We're proud of you and all the things that you do. Actually, I bought your first sub two deal. It's a triplex in Fayetteville. I make like $900 a month on that thing cash flow. So I'm not sure if I actually gave you any money. Maybe I just gave you some of my cash flow, but thank you. That's right. This gave me some really large opportunities. Good. Well, I'm proud of you, Christina. And guys, we will see you on Sunday. I'm going to get Christina off the stage. Christina, we love and appreciate you. Thank you so much. Amy, Jamil and I just want to personally thank you so much for coming in here. And if you can make it on Sunday great, I'm crazy. I'll go live. I literally go live sometimes 16 to 25 hours straight. I don't expect you to show up on Sunday, but I'm going to get into the nitty gritty on Sunday just to make sure that the people that came in here for some Q&A don't feel like we we jipped them or we took advantage or anything like that. So guys, if here are the people that are going to be in the live. And by the way, as I'm saying this, give Amy some freaking love. We've got 1200 people still in here. Amy, thank you so much. Thank you guys. This was awesome. I appreciate everyone's time. And yeah, I hope you guys walked away with some new tips that you can further. Amy, do you ever see anybody do as cool lives as Jamil and I do? No, so I was very excited. I want I'm going to come on Sunday all day. Oh, come hang out with us. I be you're going to wake up on Sunday morning. You're like, what did I commit to? Oh my gosh, this guy's got me committed to four hours. Oh my gosh. You come for whatever amount of time you want. Okay. You feel free to come whatever amount of time you want. And Amy, thank you so much. We'll talk to you soon. Okay. Thank you. We love you guys. We are so grateful to be in the position we're in to continually serve. Our goal is to be the biggest goal givers in this space. We want to give it all. We want to give it away. We want to give it to you guys so that you guys turn around and give it to each other. We want to be the dopest community in real estate. And this is how we do it. We lead by example and we show love to people. We give away $22,000 today. A car to somebody who has cancer who couldn't afford a car payment. And we also give away $10,000 to somebody who deserves it. Absolutely deserves it. And on Sunday morning, we're going to give away another $10,000 to somebody in that live. So we look forward to hanging out with you guys on Sunday. We will send you guys the links to that on Sunday. We're going to have a blast hanging out with you guys. We love doing this. We love you guys. Have a great night.