 Good morning, everybody. Happy Sunday. We are going to start the Gator method 2.0 training here in just a minute or two. We've already got 900 people in the session just starting out. We're probably going to be somewhere around 1500 to 2000 people for this training. So we're going to have a lot of fun. I've got some new things to teach you, some covering some stuff that we covered in the last one. We're going to have a blast. It's going to be good. I've got two hours today. Today is the master's tournament, the only golf tournament that I actually watch any longer. So we're going to be hanging out with the family in about two hours at my house watching the tournament, spending time with all of our loved ones. So today we're going to jump into a little bit more about what Gator lending is and what the next steps are in the future training. What's crazy is that I haven't even really started the training of Gator method and I'm getting a lot of people who joined us in the first and the second lives that are already making money. I had somebody come to me yesterday. His name is Joey. Joey came to me and said he made $30,000 his first month in Gator lending and was like, oh my gosh, if I knew this existed, I would have been doing this the whole time instead of wholesale. What's funny is this has existed for a long time. It's just nobody talks about it. And I get a lot of people that reach out to me as well and say, oh my gosh, I've been doing Gator lending for a long time. Stop telling people what it is. I'm like, well, you know what? We're going to tell everybody. We're going to tell everybody how to do it, what it is, how to make money from it. Give me about one minute. We've got 1200 people in the session. This is why we went to air meet instead of Zoom. Last time we did a Zoom on this, we had a thousand people booked out. It was completely packed. Nobody could get in. And if you accidentally lost connection, you could not get back in. Air meet does not do that to us. It will cost me about $3,000 to run this live today. Air meet is the only platform that I know of that I can actually interact with the audience. I can pull you guys up on the stage. If you guys have questions today, learn how to raise your hand, learn how to go in the Q&A section over there on the side chat and ask questions so I can go through and actually give you guys what you need. I will not be touching on Q&A for probably close to an hour. I'm going to teach you guys for some of the people that don't know what Gator method is. I'm going to teach you guys what that actually is, what it means, et cetera. And we're going to go through that. And then I'm going to go through exactly what the next steps are because I get a lot of people that are like, oh my gosh, when's the paperwork available? When are we actually going to learn how to do this? Well, this is not a mentorship program. I'm not charging for it. And so I'm doing it on my own time. And here's why I'm doing it. Everybody, please pay attention to this. We've got now 1,300 people in the side chat. I've got 100 plus people on Instagram live as well. So anybody that's on Instagram live, go to my, go to the link in my bio. You guys can come in here. There's 1,400 people in here now. And we're going to be hanging out for about two hours. And I'm going to be teaching a lot of stuff, screen sharing, showing case studies, et cetera for two straight hours. So you are going to miss out if you're on Instagram live. All right, everybody. Thank you so much for being patient. Let's get cranking. All right. So Gator method training, what we did is a couple of weeks ago, we went through and taught you guys for four hours. I did a four hour live for free. Okay. I did a four hour live where I taught you guys all about why you need private capital. What are all the different personality types? Who remembers the personality types that we talked about? There were basically, they were all amphibians except for the camel. And we went through all the personality traits. And I had so many people DM me and go, man, that finally made sense to me because I looked at every private money lender as every single private money lender is the exact same type of person. I imagine they're an old white guy with gray hair coming out of his ear holes at a country club. Like that's how I imagined every single private money lender. And that is absolutely not the case. So I went through, this is about a month ago. And I told you guys the personality types. And then I got to the Gator. And I had so many people are like, oh my gosh, I could actually be the Gator. This is amazing. And so what we ended up doing is I said, you know, if you guys want to learn about the Gator method, I'll teach you guys the Gator method on a free zoom like in a couple of weeks. So we did that zoom about three weeks ago. And oh my gosh, you got such a crazy response. We ended up booking that out. Not purposely. I had no idea we're going to have literally a thousand people in that thing the whole time. And I have an enterprise account with zoom. And it was booked out like nobody could get in. And so I had a lot of people on Instagram and I'm like, hey, I can't get into this thing. How do I learn what Gator method is? And I so, okay, well, here's what I'll do. I'll put the Gator method 1.0, the one that I just did on zoom. I'll put it on YouTube. I'll cut it down and I'll put it on YouTube for free for you guys. And then if you guys want, I'll do an air meet where I'll spend money. Like the problem with doing air meet. Well, here's the problem with like YouTube live. I get a lot of smart people that are like, well, why don't you use Facebook live? Why don't you use YouTube live? Well, here's the reason why we don't use those platforms. One, I can't interact with you guys. Like I can see all the chats here. I can see you guys chatting with each other. Yeah, I can see that on YouTube live too. But I can't pick you out, pull you up on the stage and have a conversation with you. I can't talk to you about the context of your question. I can't present in the same in the same way. We can't brand the whole thing the way we want to brand it. We can't have all these abilities for you guys to network with each other. I can't do a poll. We can't do a Q&A section. We can't like you can't raise your hand in YouTube. So there's so many amazing things that air meet gives us. And then also this is not inside of a public forum, right? We've got 1700 people on here right now, 1700. And so we decided with air meet, it costs us for the first 500 people. It's free for me. I can have 500 people in an air meet for free. But everybody that registers beyond the 500, not even people that show up, like we have 1700 and 25 people in here right now. I wish I was paying a dollar for the people that actually showed up, but I'm not. I'm paying a dollar for everybody who registers. So what's happening is I had 3500 people register for this. That means I'll pay $3,000 today. Does anybody in here get excited about spending $3,000 on 50% of people that don't even take action and show up to a free training? I don't get super excited about it, but it is what it is. And we've kind of grown to learn that that's kind of what happens when we want to give away free education. And then I get blasted because somebody's like, why did you do it on zoom? I can't believe you did it on zoom. You knew more than a thousand people were going to show up. I'm like, how did I freaking know it more than a thousand people show up? I get 700 or 800 people show up to my live podcast. I don't expect you guys to show up to a zoom middle of Sunday morning, a thousand people, you know? So we're spending the money today and we're going to give you guys some really, really good value. So today I'm going to go a little bit more in depth into what the Gator method is. And then more importantly, I'm going to go into like right now, I'm going to go into why I'm doing this. So you guys understand because one of the greatest questions I had from somebody months and months ago, actually, it was probably two years ago now. I was on stage and somebody asked a question in the audience and they said, what do you get out of helping all these people? And I was like, wow, what an interesting question. J.J. I won't say your last name, but J.J. Basically, it was like, I don't have that nature. I don't have it in my nature to want to just give and give and give. In fact, my nature is want to take and take and take. Like I'm trying to build my kingdom. I'm trying to, you know, build my family's financial future. I'm not trying to go out and just give things away like you guys are. What is it about you? What are you trying to accomplish by doing all this stuff or free for people? And I was like, wow, interesting. So there's a lot of people on the side. I'm sure that are wondering like, why does pace do the stuff that he does? So let me answer that question for you. Number one, I've learned that the more I give, the more I receive. And I'll be very specific with you. The more I teach people methods, like the Morby methods, subject to seller finance, innovation agreements, wraps, you know, owner financing, because seller financing and owner financing are two different things. A lot of people don't know the difference. Showing people paperwork, whole selling, fix and flip, whatever it is, gator method, et cetera. I learned that those people learn how to do that business and then they come back and they bring opportunities to me. It was never my intention to do that, but I just learned years and years and years ago that people ultimately come back and do business with me. In fact, I've got a stack of contracts over here from people who bring opportunities to us because they go, hey, I learned how to do this from you. I want to bring this back to you as an opportunity. So thank you so much. Here you go. Let me pay that back. Oh my gosh, this is amazing. And so we just learned that we're going to do a lot of business with people in the side chat. And I am a giver at heart. I was never somebody who had to be trained to give. I think that that's an advantage that I have. I am a Pisces. And so Pisces, what we want to do is we want to fill everybody's cracks. That's like our, our sign is I'm a water sign. So if you have cracks in your personality or cracks in your business or cracks in your relationships, I want to fill those with my personality. That's a natural thing for me. Like I look for everybody's problems and I have this natural tendency to want to fill in their cracks. And so I never really had to fight a non-go-giving nature. I always have had it. Now, as I gave and gave and gave, I learned that I get things back. And when I get things back, it benefits my organization. It benefits my nearly 700 employees now. We have nearly 700 employees between all of our businesses. And so when I give and then I receive back in return, I'm receiving back in basically in the benefit of 700 other people that all have four people in their family. So I'm really receiving for 2800 people. And so it's my job. It's my duty to give as much as I possibly can. Now, where did Gator method come from and why am I doing this now? Well, as of today, I do want to congratulations for this by the way. I want everybody to congratulate me on this. As of today, I owe zero dollars to private money lenders. I have paid off millions of dollars in private money lenders over the last couple of years. As I used private money lenders to get myself into deals over the last several years, I have now from my cash flow and my growth of equity, I have paid off every single private money lender. As of right now, I don't have a single private money lender that has not been paid off. Not just their monthly payments. Like literally, I have zero debt with private money lenders. And that is crazy to even say out loud. I've not even said that to my wife. I've not said that to like anybody else. This is my first time saying that out loud. I literally have zero private money debt right now. That's a big deal because the private money lenders that I raised capital from are the ones that got me to buy all the real estate that I currently own that now cash flows and gave me the financial freedom that I need. And now I was able to utilize that capital, utilize that cash flow to pay them all back. That is massive. And so now my sites are set for larger things. Number one, teaching people how I got to where I'm at utilizing private money. But too, I want to now go raise a much larger amount of money and leverage myself into larger projects. Big developments, building affordable housing. A lot of apartment and multi-family buildings is what we're going to go down and set our sites on. And so my goal is to raise this year. My goal is to raise $25 million for multi-family purchases. Because now I'm at a point where and I have been for a long time, I'm at a point where I don't need private capital for my subject to and seller finance deals. I don't need private capital for my fixed inflips really anymore. Because we've kind of grown past that. And I can self fund the majority of those deals. So I'm going to go raise $25 million anyway. Now I've got a couple of choices with that. I can raise the capital live and show you guys how to do it by showing you guys how I'm going to screw up and I'm going to get told no 100 times to get a yes one time. I can do that. Or I can keep it private. And I can just keep my failures and my successes and my hurdles and all that kind of stuff to myself. And I'm not going to do that. It's not who I am. I've just gotten organically good at creating content and letting you guys watch me work. And so I set out to say, all right, I'm going to go raise $25 million. And I'm going to go wedge myself into dozens and dozens and dozens of transactions by utilizing the gator method. And the problem with it is this. Here's the problem with it. Pay attention to this because I just answered why I do it. Why I'm doing it. What I'm setting out to do. And now I'm going to tell you why I'm keeping it into a private community because I'm not charging for this. The reason why I'm keeping it into a private community is because there is very sensitive information that I'm going to be showing you guys. I'm going to be showing you guys private lenders names, their phone numbers, their addresses. I'm going to be showing you guys deals that I'm working myself into. I'm going to be showing you guys paperwork and other partners that I'm working with. That is not something that I can do on an open forum. What I learned about four years ago, if you guys go back on my YouTube, when I first started my YouTube, sorry, not four years ago, two years ago. On my, wow, 2000 people showed up guys. Amazing guys. Everybody to say who you are and where you're from. Please in the side chat, 2000 people on a live right now. Holy moly, 2000 freaking people. That's pretty impressive. So the challenge is about two years ago. I was calling sellers and I was doing it on YouTube live because I thought, let's just give this to the people. Let's show people without charging them how to learn how to do wholesale. Let's just show people how this is done. That's what everybody needs. People just need to be shown how to do this. And so what ultimately happened is, I was doing a live stream for four hours calling sellers and just negotiating. And I ended up having multiple sellers called during my phone call with them. I'm literally sitting on a phone call with these sellers. And people from the live audience were taking the address and the seller's name, skip tracing them and then texting the seller and saying, pace has you live streamed right now on a YouTube video. And the seller then pulls out their phone. They're have me on the phone. And they're like, do you have me on a YouTube live right now? And I'm like, how do you know that? And I've just learned that there's always going to be people in the public open forum that are negative. They're hateful. They are out to just take care of themselves. And so what happened is, I immediately wanted to retreat and just go, I'm not going to do this free crap anymore. I'm not going to do any more of this free crap. And then I realized like, there's a lot of people that have been disenfranchised, a lot of people that have been put in bad situations or bad environments and they didn't have what I had growing up. And so I'm like, you know what? I've just got to figure out a new way that I can keep this information private inside of a community. Now, of course, I do a lot of this inside of sub two, my mentorship, which I'm not here to talk about. A lot of my sub two students are in here right now. As you guys can see, a lot of them, like Brandon Dorsie says, sub two student in his actual moniker. But I want to create a little gator tribe where for the next six months, I show you guys how to race capital. I show you guys how to fund with the gator method. I show you guys the paperwork. I bring in attorneys. I bring in case studies. I bring in actual situations and I go and look for opportunities to be a gator lender live. And I show you guys how it's done. I don't want to tell you how it's done. I want to show you how it's done. And the problem with Instagram live and the problem with even an Erie me is that I didn't know everybody that was going to come in here. And so what we're going to do is I'm going to tell you guys the next set of training when it's happening, why it's happening, all that kind of stuff. And it's going to be very private. It's going to be limited to a zoom. And it's going to be something where I have everybody's name and information so that I know who's on my live with me. My sub two students, they all sign a contract when they come into sub two that they're not going to share my information outward in the open public. They're not going to share my contracts, my strategies, all the paperwork that we do. They're not going to share the zooms and the seller calls. They're not going to do all these things. They're not going to steal the content. So I trust my sub two students wholeheartedly. The problem is I'm on Instagram live and I'm on an Erie me of people that I have not met yet with 1951 people on the Erie me and 100 people plus on the Instagram. So what we're going to do is we're going to create a tribe. We're going to create a tribe of people that actually want to take action and do this. Last thing I'm going to say before we go into the training today. It is a massive problem that I run into a massive problem of people that they think they're just lacking information. And they're wondering why am I not successful? Why have I not got my first deal? Why haven't I not made money? And all it comes down to, I've learned after teaching thousands and thousands of people and spending nearly two or three thousand hours more than that probably. I don't even know how many hours I've been at a camera in my face. But after all these hours, I have learned that it comes down to one thing. It comes down to people who are action takers and people who are not. That's it. That's literally it. I'm sorry, that's not it. That's the first step is taking action. The second step is actually being around people that will continually encourage you to continue taking action, right? So a campfire effect or a community. And I learned that when I was coming up, I lacked a community. And I had to try and do a lot of this on my own. I didn't feel like I had a brotherhood or a sisterhood of people that I could collectively work with that if I have a problem, somebody lifts me up. If I start being an idiot and a sissy, somebody goes, dude, stop being a sissy, right? That's what a community is for. We're all human. So we get on ourselves and we overthink everything all the time. We start saying stuff like, well, I'm not good enough. I'm not smart enough. I'm not strong enough. I don't know how to do this. I don't have the paperwork. I don't have the resources. I don't have an attorney. I don't have money. Like whatever the stupid crap that you told yourself or what I used to tell myself, it's all incorrect because all you have to do is leverage a community of people that have those resources and you then have those resources, too. So let's get into it today. I want to go in and teach you guys what Gator Method is for a lot of people that miss the last training. We are going to kind of rehash a couple of things real quick and then get into some new information because there are going to be people that come in here for the first time and they're going to say stuff like, I've never seen any of this before. I don't know what this is. What are we talking about? What's Gator Method? So, all right. So I did just figure out AirMe. It's kind of a newer platform. So thank you for being patient with me. All right. So if you guys remember this, we went through and we taught you guys right here we've got a whale, a dolphin, a swimmer, a shark, a gator, and a camel. These are all the different types of private money lenders and people that lend money and where to find them, what they want, etc. But what we haven't talked about is we haven't talked about in-depth what the individual types of strategies that a gator uses. Because a gator can actually be one of 50 different things. A gator is so much more diverse than just one of these other personality traits. And so we already talked about this. We spent four hours on it. So anybody that's like, oh my gosh, I missed this. I'm sorry guys, you missed out on a really great thing. I will give you guys a link to this. I'll email everybody. I'll give you a link to the four hour training that we did a couple of months ago about all of this. Okay. But right now, the main thing I'm going to talk about are all of the gator strategies. Okay. We're going to talk about gator strategies today. And we're going to go through and tell you a bunch of probably not all of. I'd say 90% of the strategies I could think of early this morning when I prep this. Okay. Now the original gator method, you guys should all know this. The original gator method is helping wholesalers find buyers, comp deals. Now you're thinking like, well, how is that gator lending? Well, guys, gator, the gator method is what it's called, not gator lending. The gator method is utilizing a resource, one of probably 25 different resources, which we'll go through today, utilizing 25 resources to gain part of the deal, right? Whether it's part of somebody's assignment, part of the backend of a fixed inflip, part of the equity of a deal, part of the cash flow of a deal. And so many other things that we're going to go into. I've got a handful of case studies of deals that I'm in the middle of right now. And how I use the gator method to get myself into those deals, gain ownership, etc. The original gator method was always, okay, always about helping wholesalers find buyers and comping deals. It's been one of the most utilized methods of gaining chunks of someone else's deal. What you're doing is you're getting part of their assignment fee, right? Because you're helping bring a resource to the table. You brought a buyer to the table. Now a lot of people in here are like, oh my gosh, I don't know how to do that, right? And also the issue with this is that everybody in their dog, everybody in their freaking dog in my market in Arizona is like tagging and saying things on Instagram like send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals. Can you, I can help you find a buyer? Has anybody ever seen that? Have you guys ever seen that in Facebook groups? You've seen that on Instagram? You've seen that at Rias. You've seen that at real estate meetups like, hey, send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals. It's a utilized method and people make a lot of money with this. But the challenge with this is that everybody's trying to do it and that really, you need a competitive advantage. You need a competitive advantage in order to insert yourself into deals. And then also there's a lot of people that are brand new to real estate. They're like, I don't know how to find a buyer. I don't have to negotiate. I don't have to comp. I don't have to do any of that kind of stuff. And so that's where I created the second strategy, okay? The second strategy is utilizing or funding people's earnest money. You see this, okay? I hope you guys can see this, okay? Okay? Cool. Love it. Thank you guys. Okay, so the majority of new wholesalers, oh, I've got a really great voice memo, by the way, I gotta show you guys. So the majority of new wholesalers cannot even fund their own transactions. Okay? So earnest money. Some of you guys don't even know what earnest money is. They're I guarantee you out of 2,200 people in here now. There are people that don't even know what earnest money is. Okay? And so we are going to train on that in the Gator method. We are going to teach you guys all that kind of stuff. I swear, ever since I heard you speak anything, I'm sorry. I'm pulling up a recording of somebody who sent my wife a message. Hold on a second. But what are you supposed to do? Right now he's the only one working, you know? What are we supposed to do when we don't have enough income? We don't have enough income to invest, but we want to succeed. We want to succeed so bad. We're at the point of setting for our first 15 thousand dollar deal. This was our way out. But it got canceled because he has for $5,000 money. Okay, so I get messages like this all the time. It's a message from somebody that's a budding or a new wholesaler. Somebody who is saying, I just got a contract and the seller asked me for earnest money. In that situation, she said I have a 15,000. She basically she had a buyer already. Okay? But they hadn't cleared titles. So they're buyers like I'm not putting earnest money until titles been cleared. The seller is saying I want a $5,000 earnest money to start the transaction and the wholesaler, this lady who sent my wife this voice memo was like I had to turn down the deal is our first deal. And I didn't have the money to put an earnest money. And so that's the advantage of being able to be in a situation where you learn how to be a gator lender when you where you can just fund anywhere between 500 sometimes $100 no no joke. I've funded for wholesalers over the years of me being in this business. I get wholesalers that call me and go, I don't have $500 to put up earnest money. What do I do? Where do I go? How do I get that money? All I have is a credit card. And they don't know how to actually use a credit card to fund their earnest money, which is one of the things I'm going to teach you guys. And so I will fund a $500 earnest money for them. And I will say, well, what's it worth to you? And they go, dude, I'll pay you $2500 out of my assignment fee. I already have a buyer lined up and making $20,000. I will pay you $2500 bucks. And the first time I did that, I was like, holy crap, I literally loaned $500 to a title company. I didn't give it to the wholesaler. I gave it to the title company. I was fearful because at the time, I didn't know how to structure the paperwork properly. That was a big thing for me. I didn't know how to structure the paperwork properly, which is one of the things that I'm going to give you guys if you guys are in the gator tribe. I'm going to give you guys all the paperwork, how to protect yourself, how to make sure you always get that money back. So I fund $500 earnest money. About four days later, they closed the transaction. I got my $500 back plus $2500 bucks. I literally made 500% return in less than a week. That's huge. Most of the time when I'm lending money to people like on a fixed inflip, I'm making 10, maybe 12% for the year. I made 500% in a week on $500. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm on to something. Back in 2019, I was doing this a lot. I was doing it without paperwork. I was successfully doing it a couple of times a month. I'd make $2,500 a year, $5,000 a year, $7,000 a year every once in a while. Big chunks. I was like, man, I feel like a gator. I'm just jumping in and just taking chunks of other people's deals. That's the thing a gator will do. A gator will go in and eat a dead carcass or whatever and take a chunk of that dead. The carcass, other people's deals that are dead or other people's situations that are basically broken. I would jump in there and bring a resource to the table like $500 or $1,000. I would put myself in a really powerful position to make a lot of money. Here's the challenge. Here's the big challenge of that. In 2019, after doing this successfully for, I don't know, probably six months or so. I probably had made close to $100,000 doing this. No problems whatsoever. Then I started branching out into other states utilizing Facebook groups to go and find people that needed these types of services. In 2019, I found a wholesaler in Houston, Texas. I learned how cutthroat Houston can really be, not just from the wholesalers perspective. I dealt with a couple of cuts through wholesalers, but not with gator lending. I just learned jumping into Houston. It's why I call Houston the swamp. It's where I learned and I started calling this the gator method is because Houston is very humid and there's water everywhere. I was like, oh, I'm going to go into the swamp and I'm going to go in and I'm going to gain chunks of people's deals. Here's what happened. What happened is I put myself in a situation where I funded $1,000 on two separate transactions. I did earnest money and two separate transactions and I did not have my paperwork. I didn't do paperwork. It was just like handshake deals that whole time. I was like, okay, I'm funding their earnest money and I'm going to make a bunch of money. I've been doing this for a long time. I've made a hundred thousand bucks. It's easy. This is great. It's like this little known secret. Nobody knows about. Well, I didn't know something about Texas. I didn't know that if I fund earnest money and the seller and the whole seller have a disagreement that the seller has to release the earnest money back to me and they have to give permission. Even during the inspection period, even during the inspection period, the seller has to give you permission to get your money back. That's not how it isn't Arizona. In Arizona, the way it works is if I fund your earnest money, I fund your earnest money. Here's what happened. I fund two transactions in Texas, $1,000 at the title company, thinking I'm protected by the title company. Didn't have any paperwork, didn't have anything. I just thought, well, the whole seller has a 10 day inspection period. If the whole seller decides to cancel or you can't find his buyer at any point during that 10 day inspection period, doesn't matter, we cancel the contract. I get my $1,000 back. That's what I thought. Wrong. I was absolutely wrong. My $1,000 is still from 2019 still sitting at those two title companies in their escrow account, waiting for the seller to give us permission to get those two chunks of $1,000 back. I lost those two $1,000 chunks. It was because I didn't have many paperwork correct. What that did is this. Put me in a situation where I go, okay, well, if I'm going to keep doing this, I'm not going to lose money. There's so many other states just besides Texas that also require you to have both the seller and the whole seller say, Utah's one of them, okay? Utah's one of them. You have to have a contract that goes to title that the seller has to sign up front that says, during my inspection period for any reason, if the whole seller cancels, this person, me, the Gatorlender, can get their money back. That paperwork that you guys all need in order to go and do Gatorlending, I'm going to be giving those paperwork documents to all of you guys. I'm going to have my attorney come in and train you guys on how to actually fill it out, how to structure it properly, how to edit it, how to make it worthy and adaptive to your individual market. We'll have a lot of fun with those trainings. So, earnest money is something that is massive. The majority of new wholesalers do not have a thousand dollars for earnest money. Depending on the wholesalers assignment fee, you can make up to five thousand dollars or less than 15 days with no risk if your paperwork is correct. Since I started utilizing that paperwork and I had it drafted by my attorney, I've never had a problem. I've ran into situations where I've had to update the paperwork, but we've updated the paperwork so many times that I feel like it's bulletproof now. What's great about it is I've used this method not only to put myself in a situation where I get a chunk of their assignment fee, I didn't even have to find the buyer. They found the buyer. All I did was fund the earnest money. That's it. I didn't have to find the deal. I didn't have to code called the seller. I didn't have to find the buyer. I didn't have to do anything except fund their earnest money. Literally. What I've done in this method is I've gotten back into money and now what back in money is, let's say that somebody who's a fixan flipper, they'll come to me and they'll say, hey, I need transactional funding or I need earnest money or I need this that or the other. I need gap lending and I'll show you guys what all that stuff is here shortly. They'll come to me and say, I need a resource. I'll go, well, what's it to you? I'll take 10 grand up front, but I also want 20% of your net. 20% of your net and a lot of people don't know what the hell that even means. So 20% of the net would mean they go and do the fixan flip. They make $100,000 net. I get $20,000 at the end of the fixan flip as like an additional cherry on top. So that is part of gator lending. You can gain partial ownership. I've got multiple properties that I own partial ownership in. You can gain part of the cash flow. I've got properties and deals that I'm in the middle of that I get part of the cash flow because I brought resources to the table. And then you guys think about this for all the people that are out there saying send me your deals, right? The people that are like, let me sell your deals for you. If that's your strategy and that's what you want to do, think about the advantage that you have now going to the marketplace and saying, not only can I help you sell your deals, but I can fund your earnest money. And more importantly, I can give you proof of funds and credibility, which is another resource that I want to talk to you guys about. Okay. So proof of funds and credibility are massive, especially right now in today's age. There are so many sellers that are like, well, what's the name of your LLC? Who are you? Where are you attached? What properties do you own? What's your bank balance? What's your proof of funds? What all of those things are currently a challenge for most whole sellers and most people starting out in the business. Okay. So they'll ask, where do I get a proof of funds? Has anybody ever seen that question asked in old cell hotline or Sunday service or what have you? Like somebody is always asking the question, where do I get a proof of funds? How do I get credibility? I don't even have an LLC. I don't have a this. I don't have a that. Okay. So what I'm going to show you guys in the gator training in the future. And I'm going to show you guys when those dates are happening and all that kind of stuff. I'm going to show you guys how to put a credibility package together so that you can go to new wholesalers, new people in the business and say, leverage my credibility to get your deal done as long as I get a portion of the assignment, portion of the cash flow, portion of the equity, portion of whatever. You don't even have to have money to have the credibility. I'm going to show you guys how to put all that together. Okay. In all the training. So there's also a lot of people that are agents that don't get trained this stuff from their broker. And I will show you guys how to do this stuff as well. Even if you're not an agent, I'll show you how to do it. If you are an agent, you have some additional benefits. I'll show you guys how to bring some extra value. Okay. So all right, let me go back to screen share so you guys can understand this. All right. So if you're a sub two student, I'll be giving you a full credibility package on a website. It'll give a lot of power to you. This allows you to JV at a whole other level, like a crazy other level. You can get part of the assignment. You can also help them sell the deal. Now, a lot of people that are gator lending, they're not helping people sell the deal, which is kind of crazy to me. It's like you already have these people wanting to work with you. Why not? Right. Why not help them sell the deal? And I get a lot of people that say the stuff like, well, that's not my business model. Cool. Whatever your business model is perfectly fine. Okay. Now, here's another one. The majority of wholesalers don't know how to fill out their paperwork properly or even which paperwork to even use. You can help represent them on the agent side, depending on the state, the full country will require agency in less than five years. Let me, let me say this to you guys one time. You can disagree with me. All you want you can tell me I'm wrong. And time will only tell Arizona just passed a wholesaling law. Arizona just passed a wholesaling law that you have to state to your seller that you are a wholesaler. You have to put it in your contract that you are a wholesaler. You have to use the word wholesaler in your contract or else it's a null and void contract. And you can be given a misdemeanor. Okay. So that's an Arizona. That's my hometown. Guys, I can tell you where this is going right now. Everybody in the nation, everybody in the nation in the next five years is going to be required to be licensed. It's going to happen. And so what I'm going to be doing this year is I'm going to show you guys how easy it is to get your license. Not for me to be a real estate agent, but I'm going to be an agent investor and I'll show you guys how easy it is to get your license. But it's happening. Okay. It's happened in I don't need to go through all the states. It's already happened in Texas is currently going through legislation Texas. Guys, Texas, the state that is, you know, so, you know, right wing is coming against you as wholesalers. Everybody is going to be required to be a licensed agent in order for you guys to wholesale or do a lot of this business. And so you know what Arizona just passed the law saying you have to, you have to require you are required to state you are a wholesaler. Fun. Really fun. And you can say, well, it's not going to happen. It's going to take a long time. Guys, I intend on being in this business a long time. So either you get ahead of the title wave that's coming or you freaking get washed ashore with that title wave, you got to choose, you got to choose which one you want. So the advantage for being an agent, okay, for people out there that are actually agents, the advantage for you guys, okay, is, yeah, there you be, be be proactive or be reactive. Those are the only two choices. You can help out without the paperwork and also help with the TC work or transaction coordination. Every resource equals a return. Okay, so there's times right now where my office people call us in our local market and go, I don't know how to fill out a contract. I don't know how to fill out a contract. So what we're going to be doing guys in the gator training is one of the resources that you can bring to a wholesaler is understanding how to truly fill out a contract. Not some YouTube training, not something where you're watching somebody else do it and there's no live Q&A. Every state has different laws. Every state has a different set of paperwork that has to be adjusted or accommodated. We're going to teach you guys by bringing in multiple attorneys and multiple title companies. And for a lot of people out there in the audience know that Jamil and I are expanding our title company and our lending business nationwide. So we're going to be helping you guys be the authority in your local market. So when wholesalers come to you and go, I don't know how to fill out my contract. Guys, you know how many times contracts are filled out incorrectly and then those wholesalers don't know how to file a memorandum. They don't know how to protect themselves. They don't know how to go and make sure that they open up escrow properly. We're going to teach you guys how to use that. As a resource to insert yourself into other people's deals. Get chunks of other people's deals by actually understanding how to run a transaction and how to do the paperwork. Pretty simple, but that is a resource that you can utilize to help people out. Okay. Another one. Okay, this one's a really good one. We got a couple of little stories to give you guys. Should be good. Okay, so transactional funding. Okay. Double closing is going to continue to be required as wholesaling will become outlawed in the next five years. It's going to be. It might take seven years, but there's states that it's already outlawed in, right? Whole selling is perfectly fine if you're an agent. You see what the NAR is doing? NAR, the National Association of Realtors has hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. There is no representation to protect wholesalers and real estate investors. And so you have two choices. Either A, go create your own agency and raise hundreds of millions of dollars to fight the NAR or become an agent and learn how to do this stuff, right? I don't know which way you want to choose, but I know which way I'm choosing. I'm not going to fight. I'm going to go I'm going to go with the grain. Transactional funding. Double closing is going to continue to be required as wholesaling will become outlawed in the next five years. Now, having the ability to fund somebody's transaction for one day, sometimes one hour is a superpower. Okay, I get people right now. I'll go through a couple of case studies for you guys here momentarily. I get people to go pace. I need 300 grand for one day. Happens all the time. Why? It's because they are closing the transaction. They're in the contract with the seller. And then they need to resell it to their buyer, but they have to show on paper that they were the owner for at least one millisecond. That's called transactional funding. Somebody that comes in funds a transaction real quick, then they turn around and sell it to their new buyer. That transactional funding or double closing is becoming more and more and more and more of an opportunity. Now, if you look at this, it says with $300,000 in capital, you can make roughly one to $3 million per year in fees. Some of you guys don't even know what it feels like to make a hundred grand a year. I can tell you what it feels like to make over a million dollars a year, over two million dollars a year, over three million dollars a year. Guys, it's pretty magical. Like it's crazy what you can do. And literally just being a transactional lender, you guys can be you guys can make that kind of money. Lasting, I'll say I'll jump back into these some of these strategies and then we'll open up to some Q&A is about four or five years ago. I used to drive people around in my Prius for free. A lot of people have heard this story. Some people have not. I used to drive people around in my Prius on Saturday morning. I would go on Instagram stories and tell people, Hey guys, come spend the day with me. You'll go on appointments. You'll raise capital with me. You'll go to attorneys meetings. You'll stop by job sites. You'll go to construction supply warehouses and pick out things. I'll show you what a 12-hour day looks like with pace on a Saturday. Man, it got crazy. You can imagine that circle K where I told people to meet me at. You can imagine how crazy it got. Well, the first time nobody showed up. Second time, three people showed up. Third time, like 20 people showed up. And by like two months into me doing this every Saturday consistently, I had a line of like 60 or 70 people waiting at circle K at six o'clock in the morning on a Saturday hoping to get a seat in my Prius. And I thought I was cool. I thought I was great. So what I did is I stopped doing the ride alongs and I told people like, just come to my office and I'll spend all day Sunday teaching you. I'll spend all day Sunday teaching you. And so I bought this 26-foot whiteboard no joke. We had it made. We had a 26-foot whiteboard made. And I had all these people. And you guys probably remember some of these YouTube videos I posted back in the day. All these people would stand behind me as I just filled out the whiteboard and I would go through like three, four, five, six, seven, eight hours teaching people live Q&A right there in the hallway just boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, helping people, helping people, helping people. And I created kind of a name for myself. Well, I got a freaking phone call from Brent Daniels. Okay. Brent Daniels calls me up. And he says, pace, you're an idiot. I said, why? And he goes, well, I'm going to tell you something. People pay attention to what they pay for. I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, how much you charging these people? I go, nothing. That's what I do. I'm the go giver. He goes, here's the problem. People can't make a commitment to themselves even for a dollar, $10, $200. They, they're never going to take action. I was like, okay, Brent. And he goes, do me a favor and go back to the last 100 people that you had signed into your office and you tell me how many of those people actually ultimately became successful. The numbers were shockingly low, shockingly low. And then when I started doing things where I would charge people $10 or $25 to get into a training, it was dramatic. The difference. It was like an immediate filter. And I started calling this the Costco effect. Okay. For anybody that goes to Sam's Club or Costco or whatever other type of companies like that, $99 is what you pay, I think, to be a Costco member. And there's a dramatic difference of the people that are in Walmart shopping. I shop at Walmart too, but overwhelming amount of time I spend a Costco. The type of people in both of these locations is dramatic. It is dramatic the difference. And the only thing that is filtering these people is 99 bucks. Okay. $99. So what I learned is that I had to have a filtering mechanism. And I, if I go, Brent goes, dude, I don't know how you do it, but you got to figure out how to still be a guy that gives and gives and gives, but you have to fill figure out a filter. You have to figure out some way, something that somebody has to pay for or something they have to do in order for them to learn from you. If you're going to give away like free private capital raising and all that kind of stuff, they have to do something. They have to take action. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to squeeze people down. You guys saw it last time. I told people, I'm, look, if you're not a, if you don't have an LLC, you don't have a line of credit, why would I teach you how to go and build a gator lending business? Because you're not somebody that's going to take in the action, right? And so last time we did a Zoom, we talked about signing up with PCS and the only people that would be able to get into the next series of trainings would be those clients that are working with PCS, okay? Prime corporate services. Kelly, I don't know if you're in here. Okay? Naomi, this is a great question. Let me show you this. So Naomi says, wait, but Brent has a free YouTube channel where he teaches for free. Naomi, that's not teaching. That's called education. YouTube is education. My YouTube is at, I'm sorry, not education. It's entertainment. It's seven minute videos. You can't learn how to do anything in seven minute increments. Okay? Now you can learn what it looks like. You can get an idea of it, but you're never going to get your questions answered. You're never going to get fully walk through. And also his videos are not in, in order. I don't know about you, but I need to learn an order. So what happens with YouTube is YouTube is for entertainment. And if any of you guys think that people are just going on YouTube just so they can educate you for free, that's incorrect. It's an entertainment thing. YouTube is entertainment. Okay? Instagram is entertainment. That's not education. You want to get educated? Get into a class. Start on page one. Don't go to page two until you finish and understand page one. That is not how YouTube is. What happens is most of the time on YouTube, people watch a video about what is wholesaling and by the minute four, I have analytics on my YouTube. If you guys want me to show you my YouTube, I will show people, I'll show you what is subject to video. And like the watch rate is like 65%. It's high, but people don't watch the full video. They bounce around looking for an easy button. That is what YouTube is. It's people that don't actually understand that they need to be part of a systematic chronological order. Okay? So hopefully that makes sense to you. Okay? Okay? People are literally just going through YouTube looking for an easy button. Okay? All right. The next thing I really like is this. Now, if you guys look at this glass, this rock, right? All this people are like, what's the difference between hard money and soft money? Okay? So when I have a deal, let's say I'm trying to fill it up with money. Okay? This is a transaction, this cup, this glass cup is a transaction. And hard money is basically going to fill in 90% of that sometimes, sometimes 80% of that. But then there's all these gaps. Okay? And we call that a gap lender. And that would be like you guys have ever done this practice where you fill that cup with water and you're like, you realize how many empty spaces and holes they really are. So a hard money lender is the are the rocks, right? That's the foundation of the transaction. And then there's soft money lenders, people that are gap lenders. Okay? Hard money lenders don't fund and don't fill up that cup. They just don't. You'll never get a hard money lender that's going to fund 100% of your purchase price and 100% of your construction. You're going to have to have some money into the deal. And so that's where private money comes in, private money comes in and they fill in the gaps. It's kind of like I said, you pour water in between those rocks and essentially that fills up the cup. So I'm going to show you guys all of that stuff as well. Okay? And I'll show you guys how my bad. Sorry guys. So here's that case study. I just gave you guys on my whiteboard is one of those ways that I'm doing that. Okay? So I go and I do a transaction and just build water all over my desk. I'm so smart. So I go do a transaction. I didn't have to have any of that money myself, which is great. This is not my money. Somebody else is money. And I put myself in a pretty powerful, powerful situation. I didn't have to find the deal. I don't have to run the transaction. I don't have to manage the contractors. I don't have to sell the property. I don't have to negotiate with a buyer. I don't have to do any of that stuff. I literally know how to wrestle a bunch of gators. I'm going to show you guys exactly how to do that in all of this training as well. Now, for a lot of you guys, you're going to say, well, I don't have $300,000. Well, in the gator training, I'm going to teach you guys. Okay? I'm going to teach you guys how to not only be a gator lender, right? By opening up lines of credit and growing those lines of credit to as large as my lines of credit are now. I'm going to show you guys over time how to build those. But more importantly, I'm going to show you guys how to be a gator wrestler. Okay? Silly name, but here's what it means. Okay? It means that let's go to my little handy dandy white pad. So I get people that come to me frequently. Okay? And they'll say stuff like, hey, pace. Okay, perfect. I have a deal that I need money for like 30 days. And I go, great. No problem. What? Tell me the deal, right? And so this is another thing I'm going to teach you guys is how to analyze these deals and tell and decide whether you want to lend on them, whether you want to raise capital for them or whatever, whether you want to bring a couple of other people in this community. Because there's a lot of people on the side chat that are blowing up right now saying, I have money. Let's do business together. Okay. Well, here's what I did. There's a gentleman. I won't say his name because he's probably in the side chat. He says, I have a flip going on and I need money for 30 days. I go, how much do you need? He says, I need $500,000. Now for a lot of you guys, you go, I don't have $500,000. Well, why don't you? First and foremost, learn how to make $500,000. We're going to teach you guys how to do that in Gator lending over a long period of time. I'll show you guys what the schedule is. But first and foremost, why don't you? And why don't you have a line of credit that has grown to a point where you can go and fund these types of deals? And I go, no problem. What do you need the money for? Tells me what he needs the money for. And I go, you know what? Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go and pull a bunch of guys together. And I'm going to have everybody fund basically $100,000. And we're going to lend that money to this guy. The cool thing is I actually didn't bring $100,000. I just brought five people that had $100,000 to the table. We funded the transaction and I will end up making $25,000 for putting that together. Okay. So I will make actually more money than the lenders will make money because I put a JV agreement together. Okay. I'm going to show you guys how to do this legally. I'm going to show you guys how to do this with the right paperwork. I'm going to show you guys all of this kind of stuff. Now that's a larger, that's a larger transaction, right? That's something that a lot of people are afraid of. They're like, oh my gosh. Well, guys, you got to start small. Right. This is why I'm to, I told people like, I want to work with people that have LLCs. I want to work with people that have are working on getting lines of credit because this is where I want you to go. I want you to go to a position in a place that you can go in and do this type of funding. And if you're somebody that's like, it's bonkers to me. I've told you guys a story so many times about when we back in October. Okay. Back in October, I did a driving for deals challenge. It was a 26 day challenge with my sub two students and my non students. And what I did is I set up basically 500 of my sub two students to help about 1500 non students go out and get their first deal. It was a massive success. We helped over 500 people get their first contract in 26 days. 500 people who's bonkers. How successful that was. The challenge was is like on day five. I was giving homework to everybody on day five. Okay. Or like one, two, three, four, five days in a row. Three hours every day. We are on live. We were doing it. We're going to appointments on Zoom. Like literally, you guys were seeing us in appointments on Zoom, like knocking doors, driving for deals, calling sellers, negotiating. And what happened is I was getting people on day five in this challenge going, so where do I start? I'm like, what do you mean? We've been giving you homework on day one and day two and day three. And you're on day five asking me, dude, I, I'm sorry. I cannot do this. I so I've made a vow to myself. I'm not going to put myself in that situation ever again. I'm not if you saw what was going on in the side chat in that training, you would have seen there was like, I think there's about 1500 people in that live training. There's about 800 or 900 people that were like, I don't even want to be in this challenge anymore because we can't move forward because people are literally showing up four days late and starting and going, where do I start? Well, you start by showing up on time. You don't go to a college course that you pay a couple thousand dollars for the semester and show up midway through the college course and say, where do I start? Right? You joined at the beginning. You open up the index. You read what the book is about. You get the context. You get the runway before you take off. And people are basically showing up to a lot of these trainings and going, where do I start? What do I do? And so what I'm doing with the Gator method is once we start the actual training, right? The paperwork, what to do. I'm going to give you guys homework. And if you are not action takers, I can't work with you. I just can't do it anymore. I can, I can work with brand new people. I can work with brand new people all day long. I have the patience to answer the same question a hundred times. But I don't have the patience to deal with people that are not action takers that literally by day five have not done anything. Okay? If you aren't doing something and you're not an action taker, then I'm not the person for you to work with because I'm going to create a scenario where I squeeze my audience to a pinch point where I require you to take action. A couple of other methods. So Gator wrestling is something that I've kind of coined and talked about is that I have resources. I'm going to show you guys how to gather these resources, work with these resources and put yourself in these situations is right here. A Gator wrestler, you bring Gators to the table or you bring other lenders or other resources to the table, you gain points. Okay? You gain part of the back end of the flip. You gain part of the equity. You gain part of the cash flow. You gain part of the ownership. Okay? Now a really great deal that I'm doing right now with Eddie Charger speaking of Eddie Charger who was in my Miro board. Knock-oh-head. Eddie Charger and I are doing a deal right now. Okay? And the deal is a fiveplex in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay? There's a fiveplex in Atlanta, Georgia and it is going to be a seller finance deal. I have never spoken to the seller. Eddie Charger, who's one of my students, a leader in Atlanta, he says, I'm going to talk to the seller and I'm going to go share with the seller. So there's a fiveplex in Atlanta. It's already cash flowing. It's already renovated and the seller says, I'll sell to you guys seller finance. Well, the problem with this is that a lot of times you're going to have a seller that goes, yeah, I'll give you three percent interest and I'll give you all these great terms and I'll give you a good purchase price and all that kind of stuff. But I want a down payment of $300,000 down payment. Now, I know I talk a lot about zero-down deals and no credit, no credentials, but I do just as many deals that require down payments as I do deals that don't have down payments. Okay? There's a lot of deals out there that require capital to get them done. It's not every deal, but it's probably 50% of them. So I go, hey, Eddie, here's what I want. If you bring the deal, okay? You bring the house, you bring the deal and I bring the lender. I didn't say if I fund it, I said, if I bring the lender, if I bring the lender for that $300,000 and we pay that lender his interest payment, I want 50% of the deal. This is a live deal that's going on right now. This is a this is a property that we're going to be closing on here in the next 30 or 45 days. So learning how to bring these resources to the table will bring me basically $800,000 of ownership of a fiveplex in downtown Atlanta of an already renovated already cash flowing asset. Not only will I get ownership of that, but I'll get the depreciation, I'll get the cash flow, I'll get all of the appreciation, not all of it, but Eddie will get the other 50%. The cool thing is Eddie brought the deal. He didn't have to fund it. He doesn't have to do any of that stuff. He'd have to use his credit or credentials. So multiple people coming together and getting these deals done is massive. Now the lender will get paid back, right? Obviously the lender will get paid back, but the lender won't have any ownership. I will. I'm not even the lender and I will have 50% ownership of the deal. This is also part of Gator lending is going and grabbing other Gators bringing them to the table, having them fund these down payments and you wedging yourself into owning property. Now think about this. You guys want to go out and you want to be financially free. So that sometimes requires let's go out and let's cold call. Let's knock doors. Let's do postcards. Let's spend money, spend money, spend money, spend money. Guys, I just got $800,000 in equity on a fiveplex in downtown Atlanta already renovated already cash flowing for literally never talking to the seller, not bringing any of my own money to the table, not having to do anything except for understanding how to bring that lender to the table and structuring it properly. Gator lending. I wasn't even the Gator. I was the person who rassled the Gator and brought them to the table. That Gator will get their return and I got 50% of the freaking deal. 50%. This is a live deal that's going on right now. Okay. I could go on and on and on. Okay. You what you guys want me to go on and on. I'll give you I'll continue to go on and on. So this is a deal that I have not negotiated yet, but I'm going to I'll bring out his name. His name is Ryan Peterson. He's one of my students. Okay. Ryan Peterson. He knows that I'm looking for land to develop in Atlanta. Okay. So when you're going to develop, you need land. Right. Here's a parcel land. You need land. You need a developer. Somebody who's going to do the development and the building. Right. Development partner. You need also a finance ear. Right. Somebody who's going to finance this kind of stuff. Okay. Well, the cool thing is Ryan comes to the table and he goes, I want to I got the land under contract pace and it already comes with permits. It already comes with all this stuff. And I go, okay, cool. I want to be part of that project. So Ryan comes to me and he goes, do you want to be part of this? I go, absolutely. I'll go get the developer the developer and I'll go get the finance ear and I will become a 50 50 partner with Ryan Peterson on this deal or whatever it is. It might end up being the developer might want 33% of it. So 33% goes to the developer. Okay. 33% goes to Ryan and 33% goes to me. Another deal where I literally didn't have to find the deal. I didn't have to deal with the development. I don't have to be a licensed contractor. I don't even know how I don't even have to know how to develop townhouses and we will go and develop a 48. It's not 48 units. It's 48 duplexes. So essentially it's 88 units that I will be a 33% owner on because I understand how to go grab these resources, bring them to the table and structure it properly. This is called Gator wrestling. I'm going to go wrestle these Gators, bring them to the table and let them get a chunk while I also negotiate a chunk for myself. Guys, I can literally go and get 20 to 30 million dollars in assets this year by literally never having to talk to a seller, never having to bring any of my own money to the table, but just by understanding Gator Method training that I'm going to give you guys in upcoming training. Okay. Here's another one. I told you guys this one about last time. I've got another deal in Kansas City. You guys, all my students know about this deal because I give it to you guys in my credibility email that you guys use with your negotiating with sellers. I have a developer that came to me and he says, hey, pace, we need basically 900,000 dollars on this deal. I'm like, okay, I don't have 900,000 dollars available right now, but what if I bring somebody who does have 900,000 dollars to the table? He goes, okay, well, I'll give you a percentage of the deal. Guys, it's 75 acre development. They're developing 75 acres into multi-family apartment complexes and I will essentially have 13% ownership of this deal because I went out and I brought somebody to the table who brought 900,000 dollars to the table. That wasn't my 900,000 dollars. I just introduced these two people together. I didn't even have to do the paperwork. The developer did the paperwork. The developer took care of everything. Literally took care of everything. Molly, my operations manager made sure it was done properly so we could protect ourselves. And I'm going to train you guys on how to do all of this stuff. Okay. All of this stuff. Oh, you got, and by the way, people who can't see the full computer, you guys will get the recording of this at some point. Okay. Oh, so there's Scott Bigelow. What's up, man? All right. We're at an hour and 10 minutes in. I've got one more thing to tell you and they'll open up to some Q&A. So if you guys have questions, please raise your hand and we'll go through all that. One last thing we'll go through. There's other strategies. There's other things that we'll go into but I just don't have the time to show you every little thing. Oh my gosh. I've got tons of little case studies I could go through and tell you guys stories about but I just don't have the time. I want to make sure we open it up Q&A. Let you guys ask some questions. So I've got a deal right now. So there's a Kansas City deal, the Atlanta 48, the Atlanta 5plex. I do this with fixing flips all the time. I do a thmorbii method. I've got a deal. You guys had Heather Wittsig come in last time where I'm funding 50 grand off of my line of credit that I got from Prime Corporate Services. I'm funding 50 grand on her transaction and I'm getting $15,000 plus a portion of the ownership of the deal and the 50 grand is coming back to me in less than 30 days. So I'll fund the 50 grand. It'll come back to my line of credit in less than 30 days. So I won't really pay any interest on it. Then I'll get $15,000 in a chunk of money plus I'll get ownership in the property. Pretty freaking amazing. These types of deals like come to me all the time. Okay. And then this one's another one. Okay. This is long term because a lot of people in here, this is going to you're going to just like your eyes are going to glaze over because you're not going to understand how powerful this really is. There are so many people that go to like my investor alone.com or other lenders and they're trying to get a fixing flip loan or a burlone or whatever and they can't qualify for whatever reason. It could be their credit. It could be their income. It could be a lot of you guys don't know this but there are lending requirements like liquidity and net worth requirements where the lender will go, well, what's your net worth and what's your liquidity requirements? What I do for people all the time is I sponsor their loans, which means I'm not bringing any money to the table and I will use my credit and I will use my liquidity and I will use my net worth on paper just a balance sheets. Not me actually sending liquidity or any money to the table. It's just showing people, hey, the person who is sponsoring the loan or qualifying for the loan has all of these credentials has this entire balance sheet. Here's their money. Here's their resources and then they give the loan to the person that is buying the deal. The great thing is I can wedge myself into owning a portion of that deal without having any money come out of my pocket. The problem with this is that this takes months and months and months to build up. You need to build your capital. You need to build your lines of credit. You need to build these resources to you so you can get to a point where you can wedge yourself into this stuff. Guys, I could be literally retired finding deals the rest of my life just by having this one thing. I can sponsor multi-family deals, apartment complexes. I can sponsor single-family deals. I can sponsor so many fixed inflips. It's ridiculous. The best part about it is the way that we structure it and the lenders that we go through is those lenders do what we call is a non-recourse loan, which means let's say that the person you sponsor their loan, the market crashes and these loans go default. Guess what? A non-recourse loan never goes against your credit. I can go out and sponsor as many of these loans as I possibly can. There's no limit to how many loans I can sponsor and no matter what happens in the future success or no success, they will never hit my credit because they are a non-recourse loan. We're going to walk you through, as you can imagine, every one of these topics takes multiple hours to educate and do Q&A and show you the paperwork and all that kind of stuff. The future training is what I want to talk about next. I want to show you guys what I'm doing when the next steps are etc. It's funny. I answered I googled this. How many are what is a gator like a group of gators called? I was thinking it's going to be called a tribe or something cool but it's called a congregation. Very interesting. I haven't signed up with PCS but I'm on it tomorrow. What I want to do is for everybody that wants to be part of the long term six month training, people that say I don't need a line of credit. Yes, you do. This is the small thinking I can't be a part of. You guys are like I'm just going to use my own money. If you guys aren't building trade lines and you're not working on building other people's money, you're looking at this way too small. You're like well I'm just going to save up my own money. Guys, I use my money to buy title companies and lending businesses that have a return of 400% cash on cash return. Me using my own money to do funding like this is not a smart move unless I'm just getting started. The long term goal should always to build a line of credit, always to build capital, always to have access to multiple sources of income. The long term goal is to have people I think Kelly has it in the side chat. Let's see here. Let's see here. Let me just make sure I have it set up properly. PCS wants me to create this is great. Eric Johnston. I've never done a wholesale deal. You know I wonder if we Eric let's have a conversation. Hey hello. Eric you there? Yeah can you hear me? I can hear you. Hi how's it going? I'm great. So you've never done a wholesale deal right? No I'm just trying to get into the business now. Perfect. So man was there any point in this training that I made you feel like you have to do a wholesale deal to do any of this stuff? No I talked to Prime Corporate Service and they wanted me to start off by creating an LLC and building up my line of credit. I don't want to make sure that I'm going on the right road here. You are a 100% going down the right road because here's what's going to happen here. I'm going to show you how to go out and get your first deal done or bring people together and wedge yourself and do a deal and guess what's going to happen. Somebody's going to say okay what LLC do I put it under? Bro it sounds like common sense but it's crazy that I had to bring you up here. I'm glad you asked about this question. That's a great question. Gotcha. Even if I have never done wholesale deal before. What is having a wholesale deal or not wholesale deal have to do with any of the stuff I'm teaching you? I'm just I'm assuming creating a line of credit you know building up my line of credit with the LLC. You just don't get a line of credit you got to build it up right? No you can get a thousand dollar line of credit or two thousand dollar line of credit without going out and building some massive business. All right cool. Yeah you don't need to like have all this crazy credit and all the kinds of in fact I have a handful of students in here that have like really subpar credit scores that are like this is never going to work for me and they got a two thousand dollar line of credit. Yeah that's fantastic. I mean I have great credit just like I said that in my LLC. So here's Eric here's like this is why like air meet because we can actually have a conversation. Couple of things great. No no we're in here in my teaching how to do wholesale deals. Now if you want to do wholesale deals I'll teach you that in the gator method stuff because I don't charge anybody to do wholesale stuff. Wholesale in my wholesale education in my opinion is a commodity. It's like everybody has access to it. It's just based on like who who you like and who you don't like. I'll teach you how to do wholesale in a very untraditional strategic way where as a gator lender you actually can insert yourself into wholesale transactions without having to cold call sellers without going and hiring virtual assistants without negotiating without any of that kind of stuff. A small line of credit now your question Eric might go well I already have two thousand dollars. What why do I need a line of credit for two thousand dollars. Does that pop in your mind at all? Yeah well yeah of course. Okay that is a very small minded way of thinking it's a way I used to think as well. So here's what's going to happen. You're going to run into bigger and bigger and bigger opportunities and you're going to go man I don't have the money for that. Gotcha. Those opportunities don't come to you for three months or six months or nine months or 12 months. Can what what line of work are you in right now? Physical therapy. Okay you're in physical therapy. So when you first learned physical therapy did you you've gotten more and more advanced I imagine and understanding other elements and problems that people have with their body right? Of course. Yeah. Okay you didn't just start on day one knowing how to fix every single problem right? No I know you learned a lot on the job. Okay so that's what gator lending is. It's the same thing. So what's going to happen is you're going to start with your own little chunk of money and you're thinking oh the knowledge I learned in school for physical therapy is all the knowledge I ever need. Would that be an incorrect assumption? No yeah no you're right I get you yeah for sure. Okay so it's the same thing with gator lending. You're going to start with two thousand dollars of your own money and in six months you're going to go holy crap why was any building a line of credit this whole time I would have had fifty thousand or seventy five thousand or a hundred thousand dollars on a line of credit at four percent interest that I could go insert myself into multiple deals where I have very little risk and then you get to a point where you're in my world where you have a million dollars of lines of credit and you can go get any deal done. But the meantime you're sitting here thinking what I should just start with two thousand dollars on my own capital. It's like no go get a small line of credit we're going to go build our lines of credit together I'm going to show you guys how to do that and I'm going to show you guys how to insert yourself into multiple deals where you don't have to be the person that sources the transaction or even sells the transaction because you're the person inserting yourself in the middle and making just as much money as the person who found it and the person who sold it. Well yeah I was hovering on the edge and I think you you've helped me out a lot you I think you know I'm going to already have my rep at prime corpus or is like I'm going to call them right after this you know. So that is that's the goal right the goal is a lot of people are like wait what is this why are you signing up for prime corpus services well here's what's going to happen you're going to find out through the training. Let me pin this real quick. There we go. So prime corpus services.com forward slash ABC so you guys get a rapid prime you guys get an LLC you start working on a line of credit tell them that you are trying to get into the gator method I am not letting anybody into the gator method that has not taken action on this because what's going to happen Eric is I'll get into like the third training where I show people how to start building their lines and people that are in there that aren't even serious about this are like well I'm using my own cash how do I use my own cash my guys I told you not to use your own cash why are you in here right or people will say hey pace I got my first literally this happened two weeks ago okay you you'll actually see is newness shoot in here let me see if I can find Nina shoot this is Eric hopefully you don't mind being on here for a minute that's great okay so Nina shoot okay so I told Nina shoot a couple weeks ago how to actually go oh she's not in here anymore you must have got out for a little bit okay so Nina wasn't here a little while ago but she was somebody I caught how to go and do this gator lending like how to reach out and find people that need gator lending and put herself in situations where she can make three thousand five thousand seven thousand dollars without being the person that found the deal finds the deal all that stuff right and I teach you how to do it in 20 minutes literally in person I teach you how to do it in 20 minutes I tell her what to post where to find it all that kind of stuff and she goes she comes back in into me I'm in a different room at this point she walks into this room she's like you wouldn't believe it and I go what what happened she's like I got my first gator I got my first gator lending I'm gonna make like three thousand dollars and like five minutes of doing this and what was her next question she goes where where do I like how do I do this and go well you need paperwork and you need an LLC you shouldn't be funding people in your own personal name she's like oh I don't have an LLC like Nina how many times do I have to tell you go get an LLC you now have a problem right so like Eric if you and I are gonna go buy a property together right let's say you and I do a deal together and you bring capital to the table somebody else's your own it doesn't matter you bring paperwork to the table you bring a buyer whatever resource you bring to the table and you a hey pace I'm gonna bring this resource to the table to you but I want to have 20% ownership in this deal I go great Eric that sounds good to me what LLC should I put it into right and you say I don't have an LLC got you got stuff from stuff doesn't that sound crazy to you that you wouldn't just sign up for an LLC right yeah now I get you it's one one last thing is I was looking at prime corporate service I mean that's the I see another question about it is their their better business viewer ratings are little iffy I was doing a lot of research ask the people bro don't ever follow better business bureau stuff follow the side chat ask the people on the side chat who actually do business with prime corporate services that they're happy yeah guys inside chat who's happy with prime corporate services let's let's give everybody love who are actually happy like say yes or me or something along those lines look at that PCS is amazing I love PCS happy here's the problem with better business bureau Eric Johnson there are companies out there let me tell you something as a as a person who is also on the better business bureau for multiple years that now I refuse to be on the better business bureau if you pay $600 a year you automatically have an a plus rating do you know that not had no idea that's crazy of course because you don't have it because Eric no offense to you I apologize I'm using you as a beating a beating bag I hope everybody's learning for me they are you don't have a business and when you have a business people hit you up from the better business bureau to come and say hey if you pay $600 we'll give you an a plus rating it's every year you pay him $600 you have a guaranteed a a plus rating okay there are also companies out there Eric that go hey if you're trying to fight against your competitor you pay us $2,500 and we'll go get negative reviews on your competitors better business bureau website love it that sounds horrible it's horrible so for me I hate this is why like if I have students in my sub-two program that if you've ever made a negative yelp review and given somebody a one star on like a restaurant you're not allowed to come into my mentorship because think about the think about the mindset of the complainer instead of going to the business that did you wrong and saying hey how can we work this out from one business professional to another you went out of your way to go make a negative review even when I make a negative review I give them five stars and they go hey guys this was one employee one situation I this is a good company and I talk to the owner but this is my experience and I hope that they're going to fix it and I give them a five star review because I care about people's businesses but when you see something like better business bureau dude google it or start go to better business bureau and go on their website and figure out how to become an a plus rated person it's $600 a year today let's scam I didn't know about that I think I appreciate how does the better business bureau make money yeah right you thought that was a government entity to be honest had no idea it's a private entity it's a business they charge you $600 a year per business to have an a plus rating well so when you don't play that game guess what happens your your there's companies out there that are like oh I know how this works people like Eric Johnston actually look at better business bureau ratings I'm gonna go and not and I'm gonna go create fake reviews on the bit of business bureau website but if you look at all the people in the side chat I would be hard pressed to find somebody that is unhappy with with prime corporate services and if they are unhappy guess what they do they text me and I immediately fix it so that's great to know you answered a lot of questions right now cool thank you having for having good by the way of course thank you okay cool so if you are a prime corporate service so Ricardo says pace what's an LLC cost a couple hundred bucks an LLC cost a couple hundred dollars guys um if you guys don't have a an LLC like what are you what are you doing like why why I don't I don't get it you're trying to run a business in your personal name like that doesn't make a lot of sense to me to be honest um let me pin that real fast so guys prime corporate services dot com for it's last ABC it's as easy as ABC um Malcolm fill Finlayson actually was a private money lender of mine for a long time I think we probably borrowed close to five six hundred thousand dollars from him he's been completely paid back thank you so much Malcolm you're awesome Malcolm do you have a question are you here now yeah I'm here now can you hear me yep you got one question I got 50 people to have questions let's roll yeah real quick question if you're trying to lend money and you can't get to the title company beforehand is there a contract or a way to uh set up things so that you're protected before you can get to the title company so if you need the money before yes perfect and that that paperwork and that training will happen on me first okay great thanks thank you brother good to see you thank you thank you for all your money that you gave me over the last couple of years well I'm very sad that you paid us back oh you're hopefully hopefully Malcolm you're going to be a partner with me in the multi-family stuff you won't just be a lender you'll be an owner with me absolutely would love to do that anything we can we're with you would love it so everybody that was a private money lender of mine last couple of years is now going to be upgraded to becoming owners in my projects with me so it's going to be it's an upgrade for you yeah no that sounds fantastic we're really looking forward to it so thank you brother appreciate you hey what's going on hey what's up this is Patrick Catherine question for you we have an investor he lives in Arizona and we're at boots on the ground in Birmingham Alabama he has three lots okay and he wants me to find a builder for him and he's going to include me in the deal is that a gator opportunity that is an absolute gator opportunity okay so the lots around or the new builds or the houses around the cons there are 800 to 850k so the kind of like issue I'm running into is he's like kind of being funny I'm like asking him all right what do you want to build for price per square foot and he's like well I just want you to find a young hungry builder for me and it's kind of like getting into that I don't really know it's pretty simple okay you your resource that you have to bring to the table and who what's your name Patrick Conley okay Patrick how you doing man I'm great man how are you good sorry the picture I see is you and your wife and your kid but yeah awesome awesome so the here's what I would do and this is what I'll train you on and all the gator stuff well this is why doing the live gator training is so cool is because when somebody brings a situation like this to me I'm just going to call and we'll find a builder live like I'll literally show you how to find a builder negotiate with a builder bring that builder to your seller and if that still doesn't work out which is a high likelihood like your seller might go nope I don't want to do business with that builder for whatever reason right well guess what you have you now have a builder that's willing to come to the table and front costs and do all that kind of stuff with you that you can just go find somebody else has a vacant land and put those two parties together right right so if it was me I would go out and find the builder so I'll show you guys how to do that in the gator training where somebody will come to us with a problem live and go hey I have a problem like I have a seller that says if you find the builder for it to build on my land I'll bring the land to the table you bring the builder to the table and I'll cut you in on the action great well then I'll show you guys how to structure the paperwork properly I'll show you guys how to have the conversation and find the builder that's going to do that project and we'll do it live okay that's great but the answer is go find the builder yeah I'm gonna go find them right now or when this gets done yeah go find the builder first and then and then when you're in the gator training with me you'll run into other situations where you'll say hey pace I found that builder but now the builder saying x y and z what do I say how do I negotiate and I'll teach you how to do all that stuff awesome this is this is why people watching the recordings in six months or eight months from now are going to miss out because you guys can come in and actually have a conversation with me and I'll show you how to do it and I'll structure you and I'll show you how to become a 30% owner and a property that you didn't have to bring you didn't have to bring the land somebody else brought the land you don't have to build the project but you're gonna be a 30% owner of something just by structuring it properly so yes that is gator method all day long that is that's what I thought and and it was just a question that like when you were going through it popped up in my head I was like wait I have this kind of going already and he just answered or possibly has an answer to the question that I'm telling you this is not some strategy that hasn't been done really really smart high level people are doing this behind the scenes and they just don't teach anybody about this because it's a it's a superpower yeah imagine becoming a 30% owner of a development by you literally just putting two parties together yeah this is what I've been doing for years I don't talk I've talked about it I have a 50 acre development I'm sorry 50 lot development where I brought the seller on seller finance he sold us all the dirt where he doesn't we don't have to pay him until we sell the properties so he's like here's my land build on it and then when you sell it to your buyer that's when you can pay me right so I brought the seller to the table I went and got the mobile home developer and I got a lender all three together and I became a 33% owner and I have no money out of pocket and I'll make $1.5 million on that deal that's crazy and that this is what I'm teaching you guys so like Eric earlier is like well I've never done a wholesale deal I'm like I'm not trying to teach you at wholesale yeah I'm trying to make you big chunks of money big chunks of equity insert yourself into places where you can actually build build real wealth and change your family's life yeah wholesale guys I'm sorry I do teach wholesale wholesale is a great way to have a high-paying job yeah yeah yeah absolutely what yeah right we do wholesale but I'm not a wholesaler wholesaler have really high-paying jobs great job good for you guys but you got to build wealth and when you guys got right you got to have real wealth that's what we want yeah I mean I had near conditioning unit go out of my house yesterday I have 11 air conditioning units on my house one of them went out yesterday it was like 62 in your box and it was on my guest house and the person who's staying in my guest house goes oh my gosh I'm so sorry I'm like honestly I won't even I won't that 62 in your box won't even make a single dent in my finances because I have cash flow that comes in I have ownership of properties my cash flow pays for that kind of crap and so for you guys with kids and trying to build your wealth I do you guys need to insert yourself into deals and build actual equity and ownership and properties rather than just wholesale everything right I understand absolutely yeah what most what most people are trying to teach you guys on YouTube and all these mentorships is like let me just wholesale everything and get a nice chunk of 40,000 bucks okay what next now I got to go chase down the next freaking deal right hey there's only one mentor ship we're trying to get into yeah oh which one is it maybe I'll try and join it too that's yours oh yeah sir I'll see you in the Gator training yeah I really thank you thank you guys Josh Keating how you doing man good how are you I'm good good I uh my first question so I went through PCS and I set up my LLC I wasn't able to do the whole 2200 thing yet but so I did spend the money just to get the LLC set up and get that ball rolling um now so I got the confirmation from that now I need to set up banking so I can start setting up um a line of calculations stuff like that yeah yeah so what I set it up through in Wyoming and I have an address that I paid for to set it up but what address should I set up the banking yeah address that you set up the LLC with okay yeah so like the Wyoming address yeah okay cool and then my second question is as setting up net 30 accounts is that how I should be going about getting this ball rolling yes okay so three net 30 accounts no personal guarantees no personal guarantees okay yeah that was all my questions and mainly just the address thing awesome I close on my first deal tomorrow uh in escrow so then I should be able to get everything rolling for the rest of the program and get get going thanks for our other congrats good work thank you T good says what he's teaching you is more worth more than $25,000 of value all day long Josh Keating hey what's up pace side another thing I set up my LLC and I it's Thomas Jefferson investments LLC which is quite a few characters and I was kind of noticing about setting up some net 30 accounts with some of like staples and stuff like that online like they you to have like a minimal amount of characters so I don't know if this is something other people should look out for when setting up their LLC to keep it small maybe in a name I don't know if that is a good tip or not or if I did make that is a great it's a great tip yeah shout out to Jesse Mayo she gave me all that info yeah Jesse's awesome she just joins up too by the way it's exciting yeah so I don't know if that might help other people I don't know if I'm gonna have to make another one to you can do it you can do an amendment to your name okay yeah just we've reached out to PCS and have them help you with an amendment okay cool awesome thank you thanks man kiki shrugs what's up kiki hey one of my favorite people how you doing hi how are you I'm really good guys if you need help with loan modifications kiki shrugs is the shit just FYI thank you what questions you got for me okay so I actually mine is just very listen I didn't want to get left out so I called PCS I already have my LLC and I just seen a lot of people ask the same question I already had my LLC I had already started my vendor so I do have up my AD paid excourse already and so I more of a more of a I signed up anyway just because I didn't want to be left out right I mean so but I guess the question is when you're starting the second tier already right and this is where everybody does asking the same question because I've seen it in the group chat um basically it's just the same right like I don't have to start a new LLC I can just go with the one I have utilized my my already built paid excourse and then they're just gonna build onto that but I didn't split it like I don't what's I supposed to I guess I just want to make sure I didn't mess up because that's with my LLC that already had established was I that was a new one just for later um I just want you to be a PCS client that's it okay okay I did that I just wanted to make sure that box has been checked you're good what's I supposed to like have a brand spanking you just for this because I didn't want it like no there were a lot of where this was brought about is like PCS calls me in like January of this year and they go hey we want to just let you know that you um helped get half a million dollars of lines of credit for people that had never had lines of credit before I was like what how how did I do and he goes well they came through they signed up with LLCs with us and then they jumped into our corporate credit program and they we've issued five hundred thousand dollars just this month and new corporate credit I'm like what are you freaking kidding me and so I was like wow so I started calling the the these people like hey how's it been working with PCS how's it been working with PCS I'm like man we really should teach on this like this is really helping people so I just want to be able to have here's here's where I don't here's where I have a problem right all comp deals and let's say I'm comping deals on deal automator or I'm comping deals on batch or I'm comping deals on whatever somebody always comes in with prop stream and they're okay I can't do that with prop stream can you tell me how to do that with prop stream I'm like I'm not using prop stream and you're in a live with me and you want me to tell you how to fix prop stream and it turns into a 20-minute conversation at derails the whole thing so it's the same thing as like somebody goes well I set up my LLC myself yeah you did it wrong you went you went and set up your LLC incorrectly so now you're gonna have a problem with anonymity you're gonna have a problem with paperwork you're gonna have a problem with all these things and when I tell you to go get it fixed you're and now it turns into me fixing your LLC for you rather than us actually teaching people to go build corporate credit and go wedge themselves into deals and so for me I looked at that and like pretty simple solution is literally just tell people I need to be able to train people that are PCS clients so that I can have the control and go hey Steve you guys did x1z hey can you help this person out or whatever else and I actually have some control whereas like other people go to you know the state's website and set up their LLC and they go well pace I don't have anonymity like you do yeah I don't know what to tell you this is not that training you know what I'm saying so that's why I'm saying let's filter it to people that are PCS clients because it's a company I know like and trust and that's one of the reasons why I push you guys there I literally just told my son that I was just gonna I said if I missed up I'm just gonna create an LLC under your name he's turning 18 you're gonna meet him at in Vegas so that's gonna be great that'd be amazing yeah um to set up his his company in at some point Kiki what's gonna be cool is I'm gonna set up a separate discord channel for kids that are anywhere from 13 to 18 that are all gonna be in there and they're gonna be learning these types of things together and like how to utilize an LLC with your parents name and how to do a lot of stuff my son and like 15 other kids are already gonna be part of that so your kid everybody else's kids that are like how do I teach my kid how to make money now and not have to go get a summer job or go flip burs or whatever we're gonna be teaching people that through the gator method stuff as well the community that we're gonna build is gonna be really really cool it's gonna be helpful for everybody 13 to 18 years old will have their own group and then people above that will have our own group as like adults well it's so great he's already hype he's ready to go to Vegas amazing dude Vegas is him insane he's been watching your videos he's just ready he's ready man I feel so bad for anybody gets into that vortex of watching my videos well I mean he's right here next to me he's like what's his name Isaiah Isaiah what up dog he's like shy right now what's he what's he uh where is he so your face come on man show me your face what up bro how you doing you coming to Vegas yeah I'm coming to Vegas I'm excited that's super super so you're 17 right now yeah turn 18 in a month you trying to learn how to make some money of course at 18 years old I back I was bagging groceries and delivery pay delivering payroll checks to people I didn't learn real estate until I was like 28 years old so bro you're 10 years ahead of me well I'm just glad that I got the opportunity yeah I have like kind of like a mentor right here's got me too kiki's kiki's mentor to a lot of our sub two students she's amazing oh I try and it's all you do you care a lot a lot your mom's amazing yeah no I know there's thousands of people that love her for what she does and the value she provides to a lot of people she's dope yeah and it's just like I get access to like these lives to through her so I know and all the soup to all the sub two training and all the stuff we do in the art community and sub two is insane appreciate me kiki has sub two changed your life what yes I don't even have words I mean you have you get my little random messages like I can't even believe I can't I if you are on the fence about whether or not you want to be a sub two student honestly I didn't even know I kind of like trip into into sub two I did it's a great it's the best community ever life long community like the challenge with like the gatorge community is going to go on for six months but like sub two goes on for life which is dope you know I love it sub two summit I'll see you it's sub two summit on April 22nd let's see you you're the best thank you know you so guys Cody Spurber just said that if anybody is going to use the virtual ticket with my name he will throw in the recordings for free okay that's pretty dope I don't even let me pull it that link one more time you guys want me to answer a couple more questions are am I good to go you guys want me to answer a couple more questions I have a question okay Brian Matt what do you got Brian can you hear me I can how are you doing pace I'm telling him how you doing uh killing yourself thank you for coming out to New York I was at your event great wasn't it was amazing it was absolutely amazing it was a very very large crowd but I have two quick questions um are you gonna allow any of your gator lending students to get in on any of your deals hell no no okay and um hey hey hell no okay I'll get in on your deals but I you're getting on my my deals what do I need you for it I guess you don't like think think about that for a second if I let you in on my deals that means you got to be a lender or you got to be a builder you got to bring a resource to the table so if you have a resource you want to bring to the table that I don't already have the answers yes but just because you're a student getting in on my deals doesn't justify that does that make sense yes so bring me a resource and we'll we'll leverage those resources to wedge ourselves into a deal together absolutely all day long okay and uh another quick question how long does it take to build uh your corporate line of credit I guess to a level of like yours I guess tell me tell me how what's the number in your mind uh couple like couple million couple million could take three years okay but a couple hundred thousand dollars could take six months or less all right right so Brian let me ask you a question in the last six months how much corporate credit have you built no okay so what are you going to do over the next six months plan on building my corporate there you go building multiple million dollar lines of credit takes a couple of years to build 20,000 50,000 hundred thousand two hundred thousand dollars doesn't take that much time to get started with like a two thousand dollar line a thousand dollar line of credit takes like almost no time at all so getting started like tomorrow you could get started on a line of credit in like less than 30 days and have money to lend and start building that and so what you're what's happening is you're making chunks of money along the way but more importantly you're building your credit right you're building your corporate credit in your use case and so what's happening is you're compounding compound and compounding in six months later you walk up wake up and you do I have a hundred thousand dollars I first off I made a quarter million dollars in actual money have made and my line of credit has grown or I have multiple lines of credit that are worth a hundred thousand dollars right thank we're not just this is not just about building corporate credit this is about leveraging yourself into deals and making a shit ton of money and along the way building your corporate credit got you does that make sense yes absolutely I'm not trying I'm not trying to teach you guys just a build corporate credit that's lame you guys want to learn how to do that go do that in YouTube I'm trying to get you guys into big deals and get you guys part portions of equity like some of the case studies I told you about the deals I'm in the middle of right now I got you that makes sense absolutely awesome great question thank you all right everybody's always got a couple of quick questions and they always turn out to be pretty good to be honest um do you suggest a particular bank robin hurt hi robin hurt hello how you doing um so I like chase and I'll tell you why I like chase because I travel a lot and so there's a lot of times where I'll be in the middle of a real estate transaction and I'm like and they go hey pace we need your signature we need it notarized and I'm like oh I'll just go down to a chase branch and because I'm a chase customer they'll notarize things for free they'll FedExit for me for free they'll do a lot of cool things like that if I need to wire money and I can't I don't have access to a computer I can go into a branch and chase is in almost every state but the most important reason why I like chase for sitting up bank accounts is because my chase representative comes to my house so he'll come to my house and I go hey I need a new I have a new LLC for this new business and I need five accounts for that LLC I don't have to physically go to the bank he comes to my bank form he comes to my house for me so I would find I would find a representative at a branch that will give you that kind of love for me people are like oh I really like credit unions I'm like why I don't see why you guys like credit unions they're not national they're not easy to work with unless you're just doing local business I want to do national business with a lot of national brand and I also want to be able to have resources that a local branch can never give me all right so chase bank I don't have a problem with that next question is in relation to something someone asked for you earlier with the PCS documents we got we send in the tax forms and it is specified of course you use the address where your office is but you said to him I think if I heard correctly that on the chase accounts we're using the address in our corporate documents is that did I hear it correct correct okay all right thank you you're awesome thank you good to see you you're awesome all right um so Austin this is a great question Austin you there good question one thing PCS talks about is there's a big difference between a corporate credit card and a line of credit what's the realistic timeline timeline to have a line of credit over a credit card Austin you coming on here not I'll just answer your question really quickly so what I teach with the gator lending does it doesn't matter if it's a line of credit or a credit card I'll teach you guys how to do it also with a credit card does not matter you can start with both hopefully that helps you answer your question call Alexander how you doing I'm good can you hear me what up bro how you doing I'm great man good to be here absolutely what do you got for me yeah so um so quick question is the can you break down like how people are protected exactly with the EMD like a situation where the deal falls through like the wholesaler messes up or something something happens like what exactly does that protection look like just for those of us okay so the the paperwork that I'm giving you guys on May 1st and then the subsequent paperwork I'll be giving to everybody it's in part of the gator tribe and also with the attorneys that are training us on all this stuff your in order for you to fund earnest money you will have the Andy I asked you to come on here I'm removing you from the stage because I you did not answer me when I asked you to come on here so I'll see you later sorry so Kyle the answer the question is the document that you send to title with your capital shows who you are and why you're funding the earnest money okay so the title company will have title instructions or the closing attorney will have closing instructions that is presented to them upon receiving that thousand dollar earnest money showing that this earnest money is to be to be returned um one with the when the deal closes with your assignment fee or with your percentage of the deal or B if the transaction fails it's to be returned to you not the seller not the wholesaler etc it's all done through extra at escrow instructions okay so it's all just just done through paperwork now one of the things I got to train you guys on is you're going to be working with wholesalers that use really bad contracts okay they're going around and they're going to like people's websites and people's Instagrams and YouTube's that are getting free wholesale contracts and so what I'm going to be giving you guys is new wholesale contracts that I want you guys to be having your wholesalers utilizing or a dendoms to add to their contract that states that earnest money is being provided by Kyle Alexander and at any point that the blah blah blah happens the earnest money is to be returned back to you does that kind of answer your question or is there you said the word exactly how do you how does that exactly protect me did that answer your question or was I think I think you I think you you hit it on the head and the details will come with the paperwork like you're talking about but the title company the escrow I think that that makes sense yeah it's all about it's all through escrow instructions right like where does the money come from why is it there what's the arrangements of the money that was sent in everything comes down to escrow documents right and then I'll train you guys on how to set all that up and make it done properly awesome I've done it both ways I've done it where I didn't do the paperwork and I've done it when I do the paperwork and 100% I'll never do another one with how the paperwork so I'll give you guys access to all that paperwork in in the future trainings don't thank you amazing great question thank you you how you doing hello hi how you doing good can you hear me all right I sure can I can see you great those are cute glasses and a cute cable knit sweater I love it thank you I'm wearing a sweater because I'm in Vancouver Canada oh wow I'm a dual citizen and I want to kick ass as soon as I get back down however I don't want to wait I want to get into your gator training tribe okay when I from Canada please please please please can can you do it from Canada is that the question yeah we have people from Israel already in it we have people from all over the world so when I speak with PSC I should be able to go ahead and set up the line of credit and all of that you know now and be considered for your tribe yep and if and if you if you have a problem just like today we had somebody have a problem with Brady on PCS like I'm gonna call the owner of that company today and I'm gonna say don't ever let that person talk to my people um it's the same thing with you like if there's a problem um send me a message on Instagram messenger or something or Kelly Hano is my media manager you can see on the side she's continually pinning all the links yep if you have a problem whatsoever please reach out to me or Kelly and we'll we'll do what we can have solved the problem for you I cannot tell you how much I want to say thank you and I you know what I love doing this this is great once uh we'll have a race I like that you think you're gonna make more money than me is what you're trying to say oh just wait it is it's pretty powerful if you think about like what this really is and then also I'm not really inventing anything it's just that I'm highlighting what people have already been doing for a hundred plus years and I ran into I ran in some circles a couple of years ago with people that this is all they do and I never really looked at it as something that was kind of low-hanging fruit and then when I started in 2019 and or 2018 and 19 funding people's earnest money deposits and making like three and five thousand dollar little chunks of money I was like oh my gosh anybody can do this like literally anybody can do this and the number one question I get on a daily basis in my Instagram DMs is how do I get started and I'm like this is how you get started get in there start making money now like you don't have to cold call you don't have to do all that kind of stuff and Effie do I pronounce your name Effie yeah it is Effie yeah uh and is that your real name uh it's Francis Effie but I go by Effie Effie is your middle name yes that's cool where does that even come from I was born in Greece dirt poor uh came to Canada got into real estate when I was nine to fourteen with my mom wow and then I was boosted up by my dad because I'm a girl and uh long story short the state is just being liquidated now for a lot of money amazing I'm returning to the US where I have both my children um I'm going to live in Chicago and I want to kick that um you want to make a lot of evidence to a huge amount so it can be a forever legacy for girls boys my son is getting anyone who needs a start amazing yeah um so what's what's cool is like what I'm gonna try and teach you you kind of you didn't get a head start I mean you started at a young age right like you had to work and you were part of a family that built some generational well so it's not like you got a head start you guys worked your guts out right oh yeah but what I want to teach is there's multiple things I'm teaching one how do people build wealth to be like Effie and then also how does Effie take the existing wealth she has now in amplify 10x 20x etc one of the things that is like the greatest thing is just being a sponsor of other people's deals like you can literally sponsor being you Effie and I'm highlighting you right now because here's the cool thing people that can't that they let's say they run into a 16plex or a 48plex or a 100plex and like one of my lenders their name is Marcus Milachap okay and Marcus Milachap will lend money on multi-family and let's say that that loan is like five million dollar loan well Marcus Milachap will require the person getting the loan to be worth five million dollars in net worth it doesn't mean you have to have five million dollars in cash it just means you have to have net worth and so Effie for somebody like you who has a good amount of money I don't know what that number is and I don't think you should say what's powerful is you can go and find these people getting deals done or you can develop a relationship with Marcus Milachap and say anybody that cannot get approved for a loan let me sponsor them as long as I can have a conversation about being a part owner so in that situation Effie you actually don't even have to bring any of that money to the table you just use your balance sheet to work yourself into 16plexes and 20plexes and 50plexes and gain massive ownership in multi-family properties all over the country this is exciting and for me to even teach this for free yeah it's stupid I think you're doing the right thing once people put skin in the game by joining PSC and getting the LLC and getting committed and taking the steps then you know you really have excited and worthy students I was a teacher for many years and I know exactly what you're saying gosh I love that you're saying this to me because I feel bad about it all the time of like you know clever summit tickets are 127 bucks so people think I'm trying to sell something getting an LLC and getting corporate credit costs a couple hundred bucks or whatever it is and people think I'm trying to sell them something but the reality is you just said it it's having worthy students that are actually going to take action is a massive difference exactly exactly and otherwise you're just wasting your time and leading them along they'll they'll forever need to be bottle fed no let them become runners wow Fee why didn't we meet earlier I needed you to I don't know I'm glad you answered my question because I am ready to rock it but I just didn't know whether I would go through this and then be told sorry you're in Canada we can't do it we'll figure it out yeah well that's not me I'd love to have you as a really great case study inside of the Gator tribe and I'm here be a lot of fun I am ready to go you live in Vancouver right now I do I live in Vancouver yeah are you gonna move are you moving down here yeah I'm moving down there I'm moving to Chicago Chicago's cool but it's also very cold half the year why are you going to Chicago because my daughter is having a baby and that's all the reason the world otherwise it's going to be California my son lives in the desert or in Arizona your son live in Palm Springs or yeah it's 29 Palm Springs 29 palms amazing it's a great spot yeah so I want to get real estate throughout but I got to say thank you thank you thank you and those of you that are on the you know edge just wonder can if I can do it don't you think you can if Fee can do it you guys can do it 100% Fee thank you that's super helpful I appreciate you tremendously thank you thank you thank you thank wow that's cool that's gonna be a great case study don't you guys think having her um talk about like what she's she has a great spirit that's gonna be absolutely amazing okay and then the PCS clients guys this is again this is why I just had this with Fee is I'm so glad she came on here because she really hit that home I have to have people that are ready to run I can't be doing this kind of high level training talking about building wealth and doing all this kind of stuff for people that are not taking action and literally coming in and asking questions on like the third and fourth training of like so I should get an LLC yes like what are we doing here you're trying to be you're trying to be worth millions of dollars but you won't even set up a court a company for a couple hundred bucks like what are you doing um I don't even want to ask another answer another question that was just the greatest um end of it that was amazing