 So let's give away $10,000. How about that? So guys, I get questioned all the time over and over and over. How do I get started in real estate? Most people think that the only way to get started in real estate is I got to find a deal. I got to fix and flip a deal. I got to sell a deal or whatever. And a lot of people brand new. Don't even realize that lending on a deal is a possibility for them. Even if either A, you have less than $2,000. Or B, if you don't have any money at all. So what I've just created is I've created something called Gator lending. That's right. Gator, like alligator. Like right down there are the Florida Everglades where all the Alligators in the whole country are. This is the Gator method. Now you're going to be watching a video that I've already done. It was a live zoom. A thousand people came into a zoom completely packed out. Couldn't let people out because if they got out they wouldn't be able to get back in Type of zoom. It was unbelievably epic. Where I told people top line what gator lending is and somebody who doesn't even have any money, no real estate experience. How they can get started with gator lending. Again, you don't need any money with one of the options. And the other option you could start with as little as like $1200 or $1500. So I want you guys to know that this video you're about to watch is unbelievably Crazy amounts of value. I just want to show people how they can get started in real estate without having to call Sellers without having to build an acquisitions team without having to work and Negotiate and do all this crazy paperwork. How can you get your hands on real estate transactions and make really good money? This is an unbelievable, unbelievable strategy gator lending. Everybody happy Monday evening. Wow, wholesale hotline man. It's hot. Well, we're going to talk about are some really cool ways that no matter who you are, no matter what resources you have, you can actually become a gator lender. And I'm going to break down what a gator lender is. And a lot of people DM me like that is the first time I've ever ever talked about a gator lender. So let me remind you what that looks like. And tonight the main topic is either a how do I find gator lenders or b how do I become a gator lender? Because I feel like if I'm brand new to real estate and I don't even have money for wholesale and marketing and all that kind of stuff, I actually can become a gator lender and you're going to go wait, I'm 18. How do I do that? Wait, I've never been a lender. Wait, I don't have enough money. I'm going to show you guys exactly how this is done. So this is the personality types to a little screen share for you. Here's the personality types. Let's go through them one more time. We've got the whale, right? And the dolphin. So the whale leave me alone. Pay me my returns. I'm not in business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving money. They're usually at seven to 10%. There's all the details of them. Then we've got the dolphin completely different personality. Completely different place. You find them completely different interest rate. Completely different goals. Swimmer. Most of my investors that invest with me are actually swimmers. People that invest with me specifically because they want to learn my deals. How in finding them, how I manage them, what my team is doing. I showed you guys my Slack channel yesterday and showed you how my team is making decisions on every single deal. Sharks. There are sharks out there that are lending money. These are people that are doing deals already, but they don't have enough deals. So they're lending money and getting into other people's deals. Okay. Now a gator. Okay, a gator lender is a transactional lender. Somebody who's funding on a transaction very quickly. They're coming in and getting chunks. You guys notice there's not really an interest right here because they are lending based on chunks. They make a lot quickly and they do a ton of transactions. They're in and they are out. So let me tell you a couple of four instances. I've got a handful of these deals going on right now. Multiple ways that you can be a transactional lender or a gator lender. Gators are both very important. Or a gator lender. Gators are both in the water out of the water. They do both. They're jumping in. They're jumping out. Couple of ways that you can be a lender as a gator. Number one, I have somebody right now that I'm lending literally $1,500 to. I'm lending $1,500 to them for one purpose. The purpose of me lending $1,500 to them is for what? Why do you guys think I'm lending somebody $1,500? What could somebody use with $1,500 in real estate? There you go. EMD. Somebody got into a deal that they're super excited about and they don't have the money for the earnest money. So a lot of you guys that are brand new, you don't know what earnest money is. If I'm a wholesaler and I go to a real estate agent or a real estate or a seller, and I get into a contract with that seller, me and the seller get into a contract that says, I'm going to buy this house for this dollar amount. Every single contract is going to state earnest money. Means in order for me to actually start the transaction, I need to put $100 down, $1,000 down, $5,000 down. A lot of times it's 1% of the purchase price. You have to go and open escrow. So take this contract down to a title company, hand it over to a title company. They begin the transaction and all the searching and all the title work. But they're going to require you to put down whatever your contract says of earnest money. So there's a lot of wholesalers right now. Tell me right now guys if a sell, be honest by the way, there's a thousand of us in here. It's still a tight knit community. If you have a thousand people in here, can you imagine how many people in here right now that if they got into a contract with the seller required them to put 1% of their $300,000 purchase price, how many people in here right now could not come up with that $3,000? Give me a yes or give me a no, say me or not me. Okay, you'd be stuck. Right, you'd be stuck. So guys, look at the comments. Thousand people in here. All right, so here's the thing that I can do with transactional lending. Okay, I can fund people's earnest money. So I've got an earnest money deal right now where the wholesaler needed $1,500 to cover his cost to get into the deal. Okay, 1,500 bucks. How much money would I make if I was going to earn 10% of that over the course of a year? All right, so if I earn 10% on that $1,500 over the course of a year, it's not really worth my time. Right, so most big lenders like hard money lenders, private money lenders, they don't want to waste their time with a $1,500 little lending fee, gator lenders or transactional lenders, lenders that are coming in and out. Most people would look at your little deal and your earnest money as a dead carcass. I don't want to deal with that. But guess what animal eats a dead carcass all day long? An alligator. An alligator will eat a dead carcass. So what I'm doing for a lot of people right now is I'll show you guys how to become a gator lender here in just a couple of minutes. But I'm helping people fund those deals and I'm teaching other people how to become a gator lender because how much money do you think I'm going to make on that $1,500 covering their earnest money transaction? Stop thinking about the paperwork for a second, guys. Please stop thinking ahead of yourself and stop creating limitations in your brain immediately. Do yourself a favor by just focusing on one step at a time. I will make $5,000 on that $1,500 transaction, $5,000. The wholesaler is making $25. I told this is what I said. The wholesaler says, I don't have the money to cover it, but I already have a buyer. And the buyer doesn't want to put the $1,500 up until title is clear. And I go, okay, I'll put up the $1,500 because I have the proper paperwork that will make sure that if the transaction doesn't complete, I get my money back and fully protected. I will put up the $1,500. What is it worth to you? It goes, well, I'm making $25,000. I go, what is it worth to you? wholesaler says, I'll pay you $5,000 at close of escrow. I go, okay, as long as I'm on the HUD, I'll give you the $1,500. Guys, you know how many times I've done this? I've done this so many times. Now, check this out. I'll walk you guys through the paperwork. I'll walk you through all that kind of stuff. It's very, very simple. It's not just earnest money. It's also probat fees. I get a lot of wholesalers, same thing. Hey, my seller needs to go through probate. I already have the house under contract. I already have a buyer lined up, but I don't have the money to pay for the probate and I need help. I go, no problem. I will lend money on this. My risk is a little bit higher in a probate situation. Again, I'll go through the paperwork. I'll go through all that stuff with you. And I'll pay for the probate. Let's say it's $2,500 or $5,000. Whatever it may be. And my cost, I have a probate deal right now I'm covering. If I was a lender at 10% or 12% and I loaned $5,000 on, let's say, a credit card or a line of credit, how much money would I make at 10%? At 10%, I'd make $500 for the year. Is that worth my time? It's not enough. Okay. And so most big lenders, hard money lenders, private money lenders, are they going to waste their time on a $5,000 deal? No. And so a gator lenders, somebody that comes in and will look at a dead carcass or an animal that nobody else wants to eat. An alligator will actually come in that water temporarily, pull that out, or they'll even go into the water and bring it down to the bottom of the water. And they'll eat something somebody else is not willing to eat. They'll make use of a deal. And they'll actually get that transaction completed. So the gator lenders are incredibly important. A lot of people don't talk about this because they don't know about it. So essentially, I fund a probate. I pay for the probate attorney. It goes through probate. All that stuff is done. I have a deal right now. I'm making 10 grand on a $5,000 deal. I'll make 200% on me paying for probate. I'm inserting my deal because again, guys, I'm not basing it on interest. I'm basing it on a chunk of money, a chunk of money, a chunk of money. Okay. Now, let me tell you a couple of deals. And you open it up to some questions. And I'll kind of tell you guys how you guys can get started on that kind of stuff as well. I've got a deal right now. And I don't know if the person is in the side chat. I apologize if you are, but I'm currently negotiating a deal. Listen to this is going to psych you out. Okay. This takes about a year to build up to this. If you become a gator lender, it takes about a year to get up to this level. If you build up a line of credit, and I'll show you guys how to build up a line of credit here in a second, you guys can work up to this type of transaction. I currently have somebody. It's a wholesaler working on a big portfolio. Portfolio is a large chunk of homes. I think it's like 112 homes in the North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia area over there. They are taking down a massive portfolio of houses, seller finance, with a down payment. They don't have enough money for the earnest to open the transaction. And so they need $212,000 to cover their earnest money on that deal. What do you think I'm charging for that deal? You think I'm charging a percentage? You guys think I'm charging a percentage? Kimberly Bolden already knows the answer to this. I'm actually getting two houses from this transaction. I will own two houses out of this transaction of me coming up with $200,000. I will also earn $10,000 in return. And I'm negotiating 5% ownership of their entire portfolio. Guys, there are way more ways to make money in real estate than you can even comprehend. What you guys are stuck on is there's a lot of people in here that are like, I have $500 or $2,000 to my name and I don't know where to get started. Guys, do you know how easy it is to become a gator lender? Nobody talks about it because it's incredible easy. The thing is, it's only the creative people like me that understand this. And I get people that have been in this business for 30, 40 years that call me, go, hey, I've got this situation. How would you structure this? Because I always come up with a really easy way that both parties win, but you make sure you don't leave any meat on the table. Because a gator's not going to leave anything on that car because they're going to eat the entire thing. So I'm going to pull this up. I'm going to pull up a handful of people that I recently helped go out and get a line of credit. So you see all these, do you guys see these dollar amounts right here? 23 grand, 15 grand, 12 grand, 11 grand, 9500, these are all lines of credit that I've helped people. Look, this one's at 2100 bucks. I helped somebody get a $2100 line of credit. Here's another one, $3,000, $3,000, $53,000, right? So it's very simple. Anybody that's used PCS, what I want you guys to do is I want you guys to go to primecorporate services.com forward slash pace. Look at my students talk about PCS. What I want is we're going to, I'm going to have them put a list of everybody that's on there in email me. And what we're going to do is we're going to do another Zoom where I bring in Sean St. Clair and I show you guys the paperwork in order to become a Gator lender. I'm going to open up Q&A and give away $10,000 here in probably 20 minutes or 30 minutes. But I want you guys to make sure that you have my link. Okay, go to primecorporate services.com forward slash pace. Here's what I want to do. I'm going to teach you guys how to not only get a line of credit for like $2,000, even if you have somewhat piss poor credit, I'm going to show you guys how to find the people. That's what we'll do in the next Zoom. For the people who actually I can teach because here's the problem. And raise your hand if this is you, you have an addiction to consuming content. And I have a problem. I create a lot of content. I get that. But you guys will consume a lot of content and not take action for check this out. So we did a driving for deals challenge back in October 26 day driving for deals challenge. We had a 26 day driving for deals challenge. And on day like five somebody comes in and ask me a question. And by this time we've already locked up for contracts in this live challenge. And this person comes in and goes, OK, so I'm just wondering, how do I call these sellers? I'm like, where have you been? Have you not been watching? They go, yeah, I've been watching. I go, we told you to download the software that was like $12 or whatever it was on day one. Where have you been? And so I learned that any time I do something that requires people. Was anybody on that live and you saw that happen where there were like 300 people just consuming content in my driving for deals challenge just sitting in there. I'm like, what are you going to do sitting there for 30 days and literally not do anything? Look at all like everybody's like, yep, I was there. I remember that. So yeah, it was the squirrel challenge. It was just like people were just shiny object, shiny object, shiny object. So what I'm going to do, I will give the lending documents to anybody so that when you lend to a wholesaler, you lend to a realtor, you lend to somebody on a probate deal, you lend on a larger deal, you understand how to protect yourself and also insert yourself into the actual transaction with the title company. So you're guaranteed to get paid. I've got a deal right now. Actually Heather Whitsig, Heather, are you in here? Heather, what up? Hey, how's it going, pace? I'm good. Hey, so you and I are working on a deal right now where you are having me fund $50,000 to you. Is that correct? That's correct. Yep. Be honest, everybody. How much am I charging in interest? Totally honest. Be totally honest. Zero. Okay, but why am I doing that? Because you're amazing. Well, I know that, but here's the thing. I'm going to tell you the truth of why I'm lending $50,000 to you for free. Yeah. And I'm going to do this in front of a thousand people. Why am I doing this? One, you're a newer student of mine and you're doing the Morby method. And I want to help you get through that transaction so that you can turn around and help hundreds of other students. And I imagine since you joined sub two, you filled the love and the adoption like people adopted you into the sub two family like very quickly, right? Oh, 100%. Yeah. Yeah. The reason why they did is because since day one, I've been lending to people for free, I've been helping people's deals get done jumping in, calling sellers doing all that kind of stuff so that I can turn people like you Heather into leaders and ultimately you will turn around and help me grow this community. That is the ultimate goal. Yeah. The larger community, the more people are doing deals together, Heather, where did this deal come from? Did it come from somebody else or did it come from you? It actually because of what I learned in the first half. Short story. Yeah, it was just it came from another student. Okay, perfect. That's what I want to hear. So the deal came from another student. This is why the sub two community dominates all other real estate communities because you can find your deals in there. You can find lenders in there, contractors in there, partners in there, acquisition people in there, whatever you need, you can find it in sub two. And so since the creation of the Morby method and me going through that, have you been on the phone with like Sean St. Clair and I know Molly's been helping you out a lot with this transaction? Yeah, I didn't get a chance to talk to Sean St. Clair. We haven't needed to yet, but I've been talking with Molly. Yeah, she's been great. Perfect. So what I want to do, I want you to understand, do you know where my $50,000 is coming from? From Gator, Lending. It's it's come. Well, Gator lending is a method, but the $50,000 I am giving you actually came from a line of credit. It's not going to cost me any money. Nice. So the line of credit is what I'm going to teach you guys how to go do on your own so that you can insert yourself into deals like this. Like, Heather, would your deal could it get done without my $50,000? I mean, we might have been able to find it elsewhere, but yeah, you saved the day. Somebody else somebody else would have come in. They would have charged you money, right? Yeah, definitely. And you would have been glad to pay the money. I'm sure there's other people you guys are raising money from that you're paying money to, right? Not yet. This has kind of been the only deal I'm working on right now at the moment. But you have other people lined up for this transaction. Is that correct? Yes. Okay, and you are going to pay them interest? Yes. Okay. So this is the advantage of having a line of credit or having even something small, $2,000, right? $2,000 line of credit can turn into five grand real quick. Five grand can turn into ten grand real quick. You can get yourself into a powerful position where you can lend $50,000 and go, I don't need any interest on it because I just want to see a deal get done because I have all this other gator lending essentially happening all over the place. Like, I have, I'm probably made, I don't know, $40,000, $50,000 a month and just little transactional lending that I'm doing all the time. So anyway, Heather, I know that there's some new developments there and I'm jumping in, which is actually a great point because there's another part to this that I'll jump into. And it's like, Heather, I'm going to, I'm going to leave you. Okay. But thank you for coming in here. So anybody that's not a student in here, have you ever been helped by my sub two students and have you done deals with my sub two students? My job as a leader is to turn other people into leaders. And so right now what I'm trying to do is teach you guys how to do that so that you guys can jump into real estate. Now question, is there any reason you could not be a gator lender if you started out with $2000 box? If you had $2000, could you learn how to be a gator lender and ultimately get to a position where I'm at where I can go lend $212,000 on a deal? And my line of credit has grown so much that I can go out and lend on a deal, get two free houses in the process, 5% of that entire portfolio and $10,000 in a chunk of money. Okay. So we'll give away the $10,000. Basically, guys, I want you to understand where the money came from. I had a subject to deal that I bought years ago. I refinanced it out. I pulled out nearly $400,000 in equity. I re-invested that money by paying off some private lenders of mine. And then I went and funded a couple of my own deals without lenders, which is great. But then I had money left over that I'm like, okay, well, you always want to give away 10%, right? 10% either your church, you know, God, whatever, or you want to give it away and help out people that really need the help. So for me, I care about my community. And we had this thought somebody made a comment to me is like, hey, are you giving away a car anytime soon? Because in 2021, 2019 and 2018, we gave away five cars per year. But where did those cars come from? Those cars came from us buying houses through probate. One of them I actually was the gator lender on and I got the car in the transaction. We get cars all the time. We get them all the time, like in garages and stuff like that on houses. We buy jamell, get some all the time too. And so what we do is we typically just give them way on Instagram. So about a month ago, somebody DM me go, hey, are you going to give away a car again? I'm like, man, I haven't given away a car in like five or six months. So I asked who would want a car and it was literally like hundreds and hundreds of DMs for weeks and weeks and weeks. And so we made the decision, hey, I'm going to go split this up. I'm going to take 12 grand for a car or 10,000 for cash, 10,000 for cash. And then I have, I bought a family member a car for 8,000 bucks. So that adds up to the 40,000 bucks. So I'm going to give away $40,000, $20,000 in cars and $20,000 in cash. And that's my essentially my, my tithing for the year or on that specific deal. Okay. So that's where the money came from. Now Steve Harward from Prime Corporate Services asked to chip in for that $10,000 and I rejected. I was like, no, man, like let me help you guys out. You guys have helped out a lot of my people. I showed you guys all the lines of credit that they've been helping people get just this month. They helped $550,000 worth of my students get lines of credit. Some of them are three grand. Right. So we a lot of 18 year olds getting $3,000 lines of credit. Now guess what I can do. I can go into groups on Facebook. Okay. How many wholesaler groups are on Facebook guys? How many comments and YouTube's are there that you can go in and say, hey, I can be a transactional lender and cover your cost for your earnest money. How many deals will you be able to get your hands on? Here's a good strategy. Call a title company. We have a transactional lender that came to our title company like I don't know two or three months ago and because I own a title company. And they say, hey, I do transactional lending. If any of your wholesalers or real estate agents need earnest money or down payments or any of these types of things or if they need to double close, they need to double close. I'm not a lot of people in here don't even know what double closing means. But if they need to do double closing, I can do their transactional lending. I'm like, I'm the transactional lender around here. Dude, this is my title company. But it's a very simple deal where you can go into title companies. Guys, how many title companies are there in your state? You ever drive around and go, dude, there's title companies every freaking where. So check this out. Patent says, I feel the fact that pace is bringing the small details of the forefront of real estate to help everyone just getting into the game to provide the actual zero. Add a pocket legit guys. I get so many people that say how do I start in real estate is being a gator lender for like $2,000 line of credit, not the easiest way to start in real estate. Everybody that signs up and learns creative finance, you have a superpower that is unbelievable a superpower. There's entire students that have built their entire business based on the ability to get a dead deal turned into a good deal through creative finance. So think about this. I go into a Facebook group and my name is pace. Well, let's say it's anybody else. Let's say it's Caleb Christopher, right? I'm Caleb Christopher. I go into a Facebook group. Let's say Ohio wholesalers, whatever the Facebook group is. And I go, hey guys, new to the group. My name is Caleb Christopher. I can do three things for you. One, I can help you underwrite or look at your deals. Some of you guys can do that. Some of you can't do that. Two, I can help you revive your dead leads. If you're a wholesaler, your real estate agent, and three, if one and two are not good for you, three, I can provide transactional lending on earnest money, probate, etc. types of transactions. Hit me up. I have value to bring to you. Has anybody else ever wondered, how do I provide value to wholesalers? How do I go to wholesalers and provide value to them? Pretty freaking simple. Now what you want to do is you want to make sure that you have the proper paperwork. You set yourself up correctly because lines of credit are used for multiple things, right? They're used for construction. They're used for down payments. They're used for whatever payroll a lot of times for people that are starting out. But when you guys are doing transactional lending, you have to make sure you have the proper lending paperwork. That's what I'm going to have. Sean St. Clair draft for everybody. I am going to get you guys set up and we're going to turn into a lot of people into transactional lenders. Now check this out. We're not talking about even $50,000 lines of credit. Those are dope, right? And having access to a million dollar line of credit is pretty powerful. But we're talking like $2,000, $3,000 that you can pull money off due transactional lending for two or three days at a time and double your money, double your money, double your money, double your money. Have there ever been times in your guys' businesses that you wish you had somebody that would have done transactional lending for you, whether it was double closing, whether it was EMD, whether it was the down payment on whatever. Oh my gosh, this is such an underserved part of this whole entire real estate world. And now I have the answer. I have like figured out the magic pill. Everybody says, how do I get started in real estate with little to no money? Here's the answer. Become a gator lender, go and find things that people are like, I need help with this to make this work. It's freaking genius. It's freaking genius. Not just genius. It's freaking genius. So look right there. Like you have somebody right there says, I'm stuck with EMD right now. Lorene says, I'm stuck with EMD right now. I don't have the EMD guys. This satisfies Lorene's problem. Okay. So couple of other types of transaction. I'm in right now. Check this out. This one's going to blow your mind. I've got a deal right now where I'm not the developer, but a developer came to me. They're developing 75 acres in Kansas City. So you guys want to hear something that's crazy. Check this out. Two things I want to tell you. So my son Asher, he's how old 15 right I go out get a line of credit. My son Asher is using my line of credit to lend in Facebook groups to wholesalers. And he's going to start documenting on his YouTube channel and just grow his pot. He doesn't even he doesn't have to be 18. He could just use my line of credit. So watch my 15 year old son do this. It is crazy. Absolutely crazy how simple this is. So Daniel Keanu, I'd love for you to be part of that dude. That'd be great. We'll show people how to do this. Guys, does this solve the does this solve the problem everybody has of how do I get started in real estate? How do I get my hands on a transaction? How do I make money without calling sellers and not door knocking and all that kind of stuff? This is why I came up with a gator method. We're going to I'm going to write a book about this. So I've got a deal 75 acres in Kansas City. I'm not even the developer on it. I didn't find the deal. I didn't I'm not developing it. I'm not getting the permits. I'm not managing contractors. I'm not doing any of that stuff. I then have this developer that comes to me goes, Hey, pace. I know you have access to lending lines of credit, whatever else. And I'm like, I'm thinking the back of my mind. I'm like, actually, I'm kind of tapped out right now. Like I've got the majority of my money out on the street right now. I'm kind of tapped out. I go, how much do you need? He says I need 900 and something thousand dollars. So I go, no problem. What do I do? I found another transactional lender and I put these two people together. So instead of me being the gator, I rassled the gator. And I brought the gator to the table. I was a gator rassler. And I brought the gator to the table. And I earned a portion, a percentage of equity in a 75 acre development by putting this much money into the deal. Guys, get freaking creative. You don't have to be the person that's going out and finding the deals. Get creative. Understand how real estate works. It is crazy. How powerful this is. How much to start lending from cash? $1,500, probably that's all you need to be a transactional lender. Eva says, paste says, how can I not? I can't. That is very, very true. You know what's kind of cool. So check this out. You guys, all my students, you guys know the free Facebook group, right? So I have three full time employees working that Facebook group, the free Facebook group, create a finance with face more B. And the sole reason I created that Facebook group was for this benefit of my students. So my students are in a private Facebook group. We have about 3,700 students in there. And I put my students in a position to go and help all these people in the free group, right? Give the elevated education, elevated support, elevated everything else. And you go into the people into the free group. So we're going to grow the free group. So that you guys have more people to do transactional lending and gator lending to so that you students that actually go and take action. You guys have more people to lend money to and double your pot, triple your pot, quadruple your pot, etc. I would almost I would imagine that if you had a $3,000 line of credit and you did this strategy, I imagine you could probably turn that into half a million dollars in your first year. And then not only could you turn that into half a million dollars, but you could also gain equity in real estate in other people's deals. So I mean, you guys see it all the time, especially in the sub two group, people like a lot of our lenders will go and go, yeah, I'll lend to you at 12% interest plus 20% of the back end. All right, cool. So let's give away $10,000. How about that? Kelly, Kelly just send me a text that don't forget about the $10,000. All right, guys, we have 450 people who have taken action out of 1000. That's pretty legit 45% of people. That's pretty amazing. I am going to go through all the zoom users. Hold on just a second. One eternity. Jordan size love. Jordan size love. You are getting $10,000. Jordan size love. You are obviously in here. So hold on just a second. We find you. Jordan size love. What up? Hey, what's going on, man? Bro, how's it feel to win $10,000? Man, I'm overwhelmed right now. Can you guys use it? Thank you so much. Yes, we've been going through so much, man. Both of our car just broke down. And we had to get my wife a new car and, you know, crazy payment. And I got to get myself a new car too. So I can get back to work, man. This is awesome. I can't thank you enough. Let me see your wife. I think she's she's mad at you. She's crying. What you said? What do you say? Did he not give you a compliment today? How beautiful your hair is? Like what's going on? He's amazing. He's always complimenting me. I'm nursing and the baby was trying to pull everything out. You're nursing. I should have I should have gathered. My wife does it. I'm not your people would have seen a show. I was like, oh my god. Thank you. I always don't see a show. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm in shock. Could you guys use the $10,000 or should we give it to somebody else? I think you should give it to me. Then give it back to him. Here's a thing. Is anytime I give something away? I did this with Christina Salara anytime I give something away. This tremendous amount of cash. I want you guys to make a commitment to me. I don't want the money back. Okay. I want to see that you are going to provide a hundred thousand dollars of value back to this community and people in real estate because that's what I'm trying to do. Right. I gained something from somebody else and I just compound it 10x to somebody else. Just I can you guys commit to me just I come here. Oh yeah. Yeah. My commitment. Yes. I'm sorry daddy. Just I would have a blessing. Come here, Papa's. Say hi. I'm sorry, buddy. Hey, did you know that your parents just one $10,000? Man, thank you. I'm so glad you're here. What I'll do is tomorrow. Jordan reach out to me on Instagram or reach out. Actually work with Kelly because it'll get screwed up if you try and go work with me. Work with Kelly. I'll put you in touch with Tony counts. My bookkeeper will get you guys wired the 10,000 bucks. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. I bless you and your family. And like you said, I'm committed man. I'm going to be out here serving anybody that needs help, you know, get their first deal, sub to community creative financing. You know, I'm here to help you guys. I've been put my information in the chat. If you guys haven't got it, you know, reach out to me on Facebook. I'm in the groups. And I'll be more than happy to help you guys. Amazing. You're a breastfeeding mother with kids. You guys have both your cards. Cars broke down. Guys, you think that they need this 10,000 bucks or what? You think we gave it to the right people? Give these people some love. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, man. I appreciate you, brother. All right, guys, we appreciate you. I'll see you guys on maybe Tuesday, zoom or one of the zooms we do this week. I'll see you soon. Thank you. Thank you so much. Absolutely. You guys are welcome. Like you guys said, there's people or you guys saw in the comments. There's a lot of people that have transactions right now, but they don't have earnest money, right? They don't have $1,500 to get a wholesale deal done that they're relying on, right? There's people that I'll fund $2,500 for that are making 25 grand and they're too afraid to ask their buyer to come over the $2,500 for whatever reason. There are so many ways for you to make money by just being the person that helps people out on these types of transactions. It also adds another layer of value that you can provide to other people like you go to a ria, you go to a meetup, but you whenever you guys go, now you're going to say, how can I provide value to you? You can now say, I can do transactional funding for you. Adds another level of value. And even if it's like $2,000 or $3,000, there's value there for new or budding wholesalers. Now also think about it. You're on wholesale hotline. You're on Sunday service. You go on other people's lives. You go on YouTube, right? You go into, if you go into Jerry Norton's YouTube or Max Maxwell's YouTube and their comments, if so many people that are like, how do I cover my earnest money? Guys, you can just go into YouTube and go, hey, send me a message. I can do transactional funding for you. Wholesale Facebook groups. How many Facebook groups are out there right now that there are wholesalers that are just desperately looking for somebody to help them cover $500 to $1500 to $2500 of earnest money. So really good strategy should have a lot of fun. By the way, you know, me lenders are in the country us turning 500 if you guys into it won't even make a drop. Won't even make a drop. There's so many lenders out there. How do I get a sample contract? Norma, you could go to pace more B dot com and I give away contracts on there for the I cash stuff. Helena says we lost 100 people with all this info. Well, here's the thing is people leave because they wanted the $10,000. I didn't come here for anything other than $10,000. That's always going to be the case guys. That's a filtering mechanism anytime you're around that type of stuff. Consider it a massive, massive blessing that those people reveal themselves and their desires. You will never have to worry about that as a negative thing. I look at that as one of the greatest positive things in the world is when people filter themselves. I don't have to learn who you really are. You filtered yourself for me. It is the greatest thing ever. So when people say how do you get over when people hurt you and take advantage of it, I'm like, I think them. I say thank you for showing me who you really were way faster than six months or a year or two years or three years, etc. Okay. All right, guys, you guys did everybody have fun? Anybody learn a couple things? You guys learn a whole new strategy that you didn't even know existed. I lit it. I'm not joking you guys. I probably gave you guys a million dollars in value. If you took action on this exact strategy, I give you a million dollars of value that you can use the rest of your life. I have called this strategy because I've been doing this for years. I used to call this the wedge strategy where I would wedge myself into people other people's transactions because I had a resource. In fact, another resource you could do that's not a line of credit, but I have a deal right now. It's a more be method transaction. A lot of people in here don't even know what a more be method transaction is. I'm sorry you guys don't know create a finance, but the more be method transaction that I'm in I'm lending my credit. I'm actually a I'm the qualifying party for somebody else's transaction. And I'm obtaining the loan for them. I will then earn a chunk of money and then I will earn a portion of equity as well. So I didn't have to find the deal talk to the seller negotiating anything. I didn't actually have to come out a pocket any money. I just leveraged a resource. I had to wedge myself into a deal. So I will teach you guys all these strategies in future zooms. We're going to create a whole series on this. So I'm so freaking excited about this with you guys. So guys, thank you so much. I don't know the next time. I'm going to get a chance to talk to you guys. I'm going to give away $10,000, but next time we'll maybe even give away more maybe give away another car. So see you guys in the next zoom. Thank you guys so much.