 All right, everyone. Good morning, good afternoon. We're re-guys are at. Obviously, I'm not pace morbby. I always say this to everyone. Like, you don't know, I'm not pace morbby. I am going to be taken over this meeting today because pace is on set. But I have Sean St. Ther with me. Let me see if I can find him. So let's see. There we go, Sean. You see me, Molly? I see. Maybe if I speak, then I'll. And I'm making your call right now. All right. Perfect. Okay. Let's do speaker. All right. Perfect. How are you today, Sean? I know we just talked like five minutes. Yeah, doing well, Molly. How are you? I'm great. All right. Everyone today, we are going to be basically going through these docs because pace has let me know that a lot of people have questions. If you guys want to raise your hands, if you have questions regarding the gator lending docs, specifically the docs that we just most recently updated, if any of you have been doing transactions recently and ran into issues or if you ran into questions that you don't understand how to use the documents, that's what this means going to be here for today. I don't necessarily have an agenda other than for us to just answer your questions and go through the documents to the specific places that you guys have questions on. So it looks like Jose, I'm going to ask you to anything else you want to say. Before, yeah, before we get started, just a couple of things. So, you know, an attorney disclaimer here that I'm going to provide. So the documents that we're going to go over today, I drafted for pace and his entities, which are Arizona based companies. That's who I am counsel for and who I drafted those for and who retained me to draft the documents. So if you have a繁emical płasel to pay sanned toward companies and pay an analyzed and approved or revised by your own council. Also, and this happens to me, I will tell you a couple times a week, where whether it's these documents or other documents that I've drafted for pace that he shared. Please do not hand out my phone number or email to anyone that you provide these documents to who have questions regarding the documents. I once again, there may be some people on the call that have retained me. And I do represent, you know, because they're here in Arizona and I have a file open for them. And, you know, we can talk about that offline, you know, between me and them. But if I don't represent you and you don't have a file open with my office. And some random person calls me and says, hey, my understanding, you represent so and so. I'm going to tell them, no, I don't. And then that's going to look very bad for you. Or if you say, hey, if you have questions, Sean drafted these documents, give Sean a call. I'm not going to answer their questions because I don't, I represent pace in his company. And pace has shared these documents. And so just kind of a public service announcement, just, you know, know that, if you want me to represent you and to, you know, be in that consulting, you know, arena for you on these documents, you know, you can contact me and talk to me about retaining my services, opening a file with, with my office, that type of thing. And I'm happy to do that. Finally, this, you know, zoom here is not legal advice. I'm not providing specific legal advice as an attorney for anyone on, on this call. I am simply providing information. So what I'm providing is legal information and the documents that we're going to go over once again, have them reviewed approved revised by your own council. So with that attorney disclaimer in place, let's proceed. And I figured I was like, I should stop before I just jump right into things because I know that that's always necessary. How many times has anybody talked to an attorney before they say what they're going to say they stop themselves and say, just so you know, this is not legal advice, right? Like I do not present you. I have to do that as a realtor on regular occasions, right? Like I'm not representing you as a realtor in this transaction. And so I completely understand. So it looks like we have a couple of people already with their hands raised. Once Sean, do you have the docs on your computer? So if we can pull up to go directly to those spots, okay, great. Yeah, I'll share my screen. Perfect. And then Anthony, I'm going to unmute you first. It looks like I have you first for questions. Hold on. Hey, Molly, can you see my screen with it should be the assignment of earnest money deposit. Yeah, I can't see it. Yeah. All right. Wow. Let's see. Oh, Anthony, can you, yeah, you can speak now, right? Okay. Yeah. Well, I'm you did showing. So all right. Well, what I just, I've kind of been out of the loop for a minute. I just wanted to make sure that one of the this one that we're looking at. And then like there's a JB agreement that's come up, but those are the only two files that have been given out to the gave us because it seems like every deal I'm coming across is not a wholesale earnest money deposit. It's a, oh, I've got a fixed and flip or I've got this weird transaction and then I want. And it's like something that I'd be interested in, but I need to figure out what document I can use to put their property as collateral for the deal. And I know this is going slow and it's a long process, but so far, I've only seen two, two forms come out. Nothing to cover what I, what I'm getting deal requests for. Right. So the form that. And the forms that we're going to cover today are only for earnest money lending. If you're going to do gator lending, because paste refers to it as gator lending as well, but you're basically providing funding for a transaction, either as the lender in the transaction. Or an investor, then you're going to need additional documents. So for example, if you are, let's say somebody comes to you and says, hey, can you provide a second position loan to make improvements, you know, to this property. And you say, oh, yeah, I'll be the funding source, but I also want. Part of the transaction or an equity, you know, interest in the transaction. Then in that case, you're going to want a promise or a note secured by either a mortgage or deed of trust against the property itself, and then you're going to want a JV agreement. And then you're going to have to negotiate with the other parties as far as, you know, whether you go on title. Or not. But either way, the JV agreement would provide how profits, losses, expenses are all proportioned and allocated to the respective investors, including yourself. And then the promise or a note is going to be what's going to put the, put any kind of capital as collateral. So the house or it's a secondary house. No, the promise or he notice evidence of the loan. So the promise, so you can have a promise or he note that's not secured. So you can have an unsecured promise or he notes. So the promise or he note is the loan or evidence of the loan. It's the, the tangible, you know, asset. It's what we call negotiable instrument. It's like a check, right? A promise or he notes like a check. So you always want to keep the original of that safe. But the promise or he note is then secured by either a deed of trust in a deed of trust state like Arizona or a mortgage in a mortgage state like say Wisconsin. So those, it really depends on the state where the property is located. Some states allowed needs of trust, which are better because you can foreclose them outside of the court system versus a mortgage has to be a judicial foreclosure. But the deed of trust or mortgage is the lean that you place against the property. So it's actually two documents. And now, because I've been watching groups and they talk about loans in some states, I know you're, this isn't going to be strictly legal advice for making a generality. If a state has an interest cap on loans, is that considered alone or could we consider it a joint venture and I'm providing capital not alone. I don't know. I mean, you know, Arizona doesn't have that cap. We do if it's if the it basically says that our maximum interest rate is 10% or whatever the parties agree to when they're written contract. So we really don't have a cap. So I can't, you know, speak. I would have to look at the specific statute, but a lot of times, you know, if it quacks like a duck walks like a duck, it is a duck, regardless of what you're going to call it, right. So, you know. All right. Well, that kind of answers as far as the promise or something that I'm going to be, if I do deals outside of just the moment, what we've covered so far. Yeah, Anthony, I just thought about this because obviously we do this a lot, right. Like we have properties that we lend. And so, either for we sponsor the loan or we do some kind of second position lender on a property of our own, right. And so in those cases, just like Sean said, we have secured in Arizona, of course, a promissory note and a deed of trust against the property. Sometimes I'll also do a JV agreement, just so we outline what our agreement is. But sometimes I won't, and I don't know if that's incorrect. Sean, where if we don't have a JV agreement, but we have the promissory note in the deed of trust that's gone through title. Is that correct. Yeah, I mean, if you're taking a bite like the lender, right, or the gator, if you're taking a bite of the transaction in exchange for coming up with the money source, then you should have a JV agreement, which outlines what you're doing. And once one option, you could also form an LLC that actually then is going to own the property and have an operating agreement in which you take a percentage as well. That's another option. You know, one just requires a little bit more formality, IEV operating agreement is more formal. But you should have some document in place saying what, you know, bite of the transaction you're taking, you know, a 10%, 25%, 40%, whatever it is, that you're getting that portion of the transaction. So I would like to see an agreement outside of the note deed of trust. Okay, perfect. Thank you. All right, Anthony, is that the, was that the only question you had? Yeah, pretty much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Okay, perfect. All right, looks like the next one I have is Naomi. So Naomi, I'm going to ask you to unmute yourself. Can you unmute? Hold on, let's see if I can ask you. There we go. Hi. How are you? I'm good. So I was able to do a private money loan last week. And then you came into our zoom. I'm Monday, I think it was or Wednesday, sorry, last week. So I did the deed of trust in the promise I know I didn't do it, JV because it was a straight. Private money. Yeah, it was just a percentage. Yeah. Yeah, you don't need. Yeah, unless you're taking a percentage of the actual transaction itself, you know, you're saying, okay, I have my lender over here. And then the lender could be you, right? But I have my lender lending into the over here that's going to make you the loan. I found the loan. So I want a portion of the transaction. You know, as well. But if you're not doing that, if you're like, hey, I'm good, just making a loan, securing it by a deed of trust and taking my, you know, 8% 10% 15% interest, whatever amount you choose. And is allowed by whatever state law you're in. Then, you know, that's fine. You just need the note and deed of trust or the note in the mortgage if it's a mortgage state. So my question is though, like if I were to do a transactional lending and let's say it's like a larger amount, like 300,000 and have two people putting in 150,000 each. Like how would that work with this paperwork? This paperwork won't work for that. This paperwork is earnest money only. This is like a 5,000, 10,000, you know, down for, you know, a 30 day period. And then you're out. That's, that's what this paperwork is, you know, somebody, you know, you're looking for a wholesaler that basically doesn't want to come out of pocket wants to go find the transaction is good, you know, obtaining an earnest money. Maybe the seller wants a 5 grand 10 grand earnest, million wholesalers used to a thousand bucks or 500 bucks and they don't want to come out pocket for that. So they go and they find, you know, somebody who's willing to lend that on a short term basis. But then when you're going to lend it as the gate or lender, you're saying, OK, I'm going to lend it. But instead of me charging you and you can you can charge, you know, you can structure it however you want, but, you know, instead of me just getting, you know, interest on 5,000 dollars, I'm going to want, you know, a percentage of of the transaction or a fee or something like that. You know, so you have your options here, which is a lender compensation. This is above and beyond the amount that's going to be returned to you. So, you know, I'm going to loan you, I'm going to loan you 5 grand, but you're going to pay me 5,000, 6,500 back, you know, so 5,000 plus 1500, which you put the 1500 right here. Or I want a percentage of your assignment fee, you know, I want 10, 20, 30% of your assignment fee. I'll give you the money, but I'm going, I want a portion of, you know, the profit or I want this amount or a percentage of your assignment fee, whichever is greater. So you can say, hey, look, you know, I guess there could be a fourth option. I want this amount plus instead of an or here is plus a percentage of the assignment fee. You couldn't do that. You could add up for the box here. To take a flat amount plus a percentage of the assignment fee if that makes sense. Okay, so this is actually, this is the earnest money, long agreement with the whole sale. Yes, that's exactly right. Okay, and then sorry, I had another question. I purchased contracts. That one, there's so many different versions. I got one from Caleb Christopher recently. Okay. He's doing the transaction coordinating and it has an extra section section 13. I mean, none of that really matters, right? You just need the earnest money clause to be. Yeah, you can use whatever. You know, honestly, you can use whatever purchase contract you want. The issue that that, you know, the concern is that if the purchase contract is not. Is not done correctly, then. And is not a good form contract because. There's a lot of bad form contracts out there and I see them that they don't have stuff in there protecting. The whole sale or protecting the earnest money deposits. So you want to make sure that. That whatever purchase contract you're using that it allows for a cancellation during the inspection period. And then it has a provision in there basically instructing the escrow agent to return the earnest money during the inspection period. And then you're most worried about, but you also want to, you know, have a successful transaction. So there's other things that you may want to see in that purchase contract like a 10 day cure period, which means that hey, if we don't close. Because maybe the in buyer is is flaking out. We can cancel our assignment, get rid of that in buyer and then we have 10 days to go find someone else. And then you know, in addition to protecting your earnest money, you're protecting also your compensation because you don't get compensated unless the thing, you know, successfully closes. Right. Okay. And I asked Hase this last week, but I'm just wondering from a legal perspective, what you think is that I was getting some pushback entitled companies regarding this contract saying, well, doesn't really matter what you put in contract. So state laws from whatever you put in the contract. So we require during the cancellation parties to release it in a state like California, Texas, Florida. What are your thoughts on the whole state laws from being what you put in contract? Well, it's going to right. I mean, there are certain state laws, federal laws that you can't contract around. And now what's interesting is I would like to see those state laws. I, I, you know, I'm not sure it is a state law. I would want to know, okay, well, tell me the code, you know, and statute that states this. My understanding is a lot of times it's more of the title companies being risk adverse in having their own requirements in place. But even then, you know, there's, there's what the law provides. And what a title company will do. And they're not always the same thing. You know, in Arizona, we don't have this issue. If the purchase contract says that you can cancel during the inspection period and receive for any, you know, you're just at the buyer's discretion and receiver return. If you earn this money deposit, then the title company is just give give it back. You know, it's an issue outside of Arizona. But I would be curious if the title company says, well, state law is going to Trump say, okay, you know, show me the statute. And frankly, I would be interested in seeing those statutes. So Naomi, if you come across that, you know, and have a title company that, you know, is, is quote, unquote, relying upon state law. See if they'll give you the statute and send it to me. I would be curious to see what that looks like. Okay, that's a good one to ask. Thank you. That, but that's it. So I can use this earnings main loan agreement for the bigger, like just cut out line, a bigger transaction, be split this way. So you cannot use the earnest money. This is only for, for earnest money. Yeah, this is not for you're going to want to use like what we talked about before. For if you're going to be providing, you know, transactional funding, other than, you know, an earnest money deposit loan, you know, but you're going to be actually coming in with, you know, alone or an investment into the transaction. In that case, you're going to want to have a, either an operating agreement or a joint venture agreement in place saying what percentage of the, of the pie you're receiving on that property, and then you're going to want, if you're making a loan versus a capital contribution, for example, or an investment or payment of expenses. But it's a loan that's going to be, so let's address this. And I want you guys to understand what, what the difference is between making a loan and why is this significant and making an investment into the transaction. The reason is, is because, the loan gets paid first, it's a obligation of the entire transaction, if you will, it's the, an obligation of everybody involved. You know, so if you have, if, let's say hypothetically, you have $300,000 to distribute, and you have put in 100, your, whoever partnered with you or joint venture with you put in 100, then you guys get your 100 back, and then you split $50,000, right. If you have $300,000, and you put in 100, but instead of putting in as an investment, you put it in as a loan, your loan gets paid back first, right. So it goes to 200,000, well, I guess this scenario works out the same way. Bottom line is your loan gets paid back before the expenses are paid, whatever you invested before investments are paid. So the order of priority for repayment in a transaction and the way things are structured is all debts of the property get paid paid back first, right, from the sale of the property. So, you know, that gets paid because you're a secured lender that gets paid first. So if, let's say the properties under water, then in that case, you know, you get, you're going to get paid back first. Before, you know, the investors. So if, if, if your investor is going to lose money, you're still going to get paid back first. Does that make sense. So yeah, I'm not doing a very good job explaining this. Let me see if I can hold on. Let me see if I can bring something up here. So basically what you're trying to get to is just that anybody who's secured any kind of promise or a note or they're on the deed of any kind that gets paid first, right, and then say, the lenders will get paid second. And then the leftover is the profit at which you would share. Right. So let's say hypothetically that you made a loan for 100. This is a better hypothetical. You made a loan for 100. But the other person invested money. So you, you made a loan for 100. The other person invested 100, right. But the market goes down and you guys decide we just got to unload this asset. We got to get rid of this property, right. So there's only 150,000 dollars in equity available from the sale of that 150. Your loan gets paid back first. So you get your 100,000 dollars first. Then that leaves 50,000 to repay the other investor. They're 100,000. Now they're 50 short, but you're still out 100%. Does that make sense? That's the subject we can put the loan is that it gives you a greater priority than just making an investment. Because if you make just an investment, then you would only get 75 back and you would be 25,000 dollars short. Does that make sense? Yeah. Now I get it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Perfect. All right. Naomi, thank you for your question. I'm a lower your hand. Okay. And then Josh and Ashley, I have you guys next. Go ahead. Yeah. Looks like you've unmuted. So let's see what's awesome. Hey, yeah. Thank you guys for your time this morning and really helping us to break these down and really appreciate it. We my wife Ashley's in the TC program and she was just going through these contracts. We just had a couple questions about the there's one on the earnest money loan agreement and we saw on 1.6. It was spelled earnest was spelled a little bit different than what's up at the top and I didn't know that's a typo. Thank you. Okay. So I didn't want to go back and change those unless it was supposed to be that way. I'll send I just made the change right now. Send this over to Molly. You know that I try my best and for some reason spell checked in and pick it up either and that one that one slip by the goalie. So my nowhere is no worries. I catch. I also noticed that after number four, it just goes right to six, but looks like you got that one corrected already. So. Yeah. The outdated version on that one. So that's awesome. And then on the other ones, there's the assignment of earnest money deposit. It also has the the earnest typo as well on that one, but I can change that on my. Which one, which was the assignment of the earnest money deposit. And the irrevocable escrow instructions. Okay, let me pull that up. So you know guys, I mean, these changing the spelling of a word would be completely accurate. That's why these are in a word document. You guys can absolutely. Yeah, I was going to do it on my own. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't it wasn't supposed to be like that before I made the change. So I just wanted to make guys doing it right. That's my mistake. I hate making them. But hey, no, these are beautiful documents. I love them. They're awesome. We're so happy to have them. Yeah, thank you for bringing that to my attention. I appreciate. Cool. Yeah. No, thank you. That's all I had. That's all that up. Cool. And I know a lot of you are. I know a lot of you are. Hold on. Sorry. Make sure you guys are muted. Please when we when you log in. So I know a lot of you guys are thinking this zoom was to specifically go over like we're going to fill in the individual. I think that's what I wanted to do. Contacts. I actually was not intending on this zoom being us filling in the contracts for specifics. If you guys ever have questions on that. I'm sure there's a ton of other people who've used these that could help within the Garlanding group. I've actually seen a couple offer that help already. So we just wanted to go over specific questions today of people that had questions regarding the documents. So we will not be going over all of these in depth and filling them in for you today. This is just to actually answer questions regarding the documents. Well, that's all I had you guys. So thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah. No worries. Thank you. All right. Brandon Smith. I have you next. I just had a quick question as far as I'm finding the correct attorney to review these. I live in Louisiana. We have a lot of old French law here. As far as one day in the show was covered before I did anything. Is your private Facebook group. Is that a good place to look? Yeah, that is a good place to look. Unfortunately, I don't believe I have a good reference. Unfortunately for Louisiana. I might have somebody for Alabama, but that doesn't do any good. It's close, but no cigar, right? So, yeah, you may have to just post something in there and see post something in the creative financing group. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. I think that's a good place to look at. Yeah. There's stuffy lawyers out there. What? You may not have someone like Johnson player. That's crazy. That's crazy. Alright, so Brandon, thank you for your question. I'm going to lower your hand. Catherine, if you want to unmute yourself, I have you next. Okay, cool. Hi there. I have a couple of questions. The first one was. When people didn't use the your specific new hole gear, whole sailing contract. Pace was always talking about just have him do the addendum, how to do the addendum and I've had conversations with a couple other people in the group here because there isn't actually a A document that says a dendum. And so I guess we just where question. It seemed like there was a dog a document that dealt with that issue, but it wasn't called a denim and we were sort of just wanting to clarify whether the words a denim need to be on there or if it doesn't need to be an addendum, it's just escrow instructions are it. or just clarity around that word. Yeah. So my guess is that pace is referring to the document I have up on my screen right now, which is the irrevocable escrow instructions, release of earnest money for cancellation during inspection period. You can try to get that signed by the seller prior to you providing the loan funds and that way, that language is basically the same as what's found in the purchase contract. So you would have as much protection as you can have considering the nature of some of these title companies and closing attorneys outside of Arizona and states that are being difficult with releasing earnest money. You know, at the end of the day, if you have a cooperative seller, you know, hopefully it's a non-issue and you can frankly use this same document and have it resigned and I didn't put a date on there for obviously reasons because, you know, the title company will say, well, it doesn't have a date, you know, that works because it was dated before the inspection period or before the contract or that type of thing. We had added date on here, have the seller sign, you know, and release the funds, but that's assuming you have a cooperative seller. Okay. All of these documents, you guys, if anybody's asking questions about the documents are all in the drop box owner, which I believe is linked within the Discord channel, but I'll double check and make sure Kelly has it in there. All of these documents and updated ones was spelling, but I see a shot is changing on all of these, will be updated and put into this document every time. Yep, and so Kelly says right there, I've got them updated ones, I get them. Okay, perfect. So all of these will be in the drop box. Cool. And so then just back to the last topic where you were saying that the loan is always paid back first. So can we structure these, just to clarify, can we structure our deal so that our money is alone and we have equity so that we're a partner, but we didn't bring money, like we'll get our loan paid back first. Yeah. Okay. So you're talking alone besides an earnest money loan, right? A loan, more transactional funding loan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You can, you can structure it that way and say, hey, I'll, you know, I'll bring a loan to the table. I recommend doing it with two different entities for a number of reasons. But, you know, so you have your lending entity and then you have your equity entity, but you basically say, yeah, I'll bring a money to the table. But I want to be a lender and in addition to being a lender, I want to, you know, have a percentage of the transaction as well. Okay. Yeah, almost treating your lending entity as its own private lender, right? Like that's almost like it's not your funds. That's a few were to be bringing in a private lender in that case. Yeah. Got it. Okay. And then on, so then do, when we, if we are partnering like a lot of us don't have all the money yet. And so there's a lot of big deals coming in. People are partnering. Do you think that we need an LLC to partner on a lot of this stuff? Or can we just use this JV agreement if we're like combining all our funds to fund? Okay. So a couple of points on that. So one is you could use a JV agreement. And then for extra protection, you take whatever percentage interest in the property. So, you know, your entity would own 20% and someone else's entity would own another 20%. And so you basically would, would, through that process, you know, have a JV agreement that defines how profits are shared, how losses are shared, how expenses are shared. And then that JV agreement provides who takes title. It can even have and should have provisions as far as the disposition of the asset. That type of thing, although most states are going to have laws that allow for partitions. So if you don't want to own it anymore, you can force the sale of the property. So that's in the JV agreement context. You could do an operating agreement. That's a little bit more formal. You have to form an LLC. You, you have an operating agreement and then that, which says, okay, I have a 20% interest in not the property, but the company, which then the company has 100% or fully owns the property. Let me say though, so I have a podcast that I do weekly. It's called InRim, I in, I'll put in the chat here, I in REN. It's on YouTube. But yesterday we had on Paul Vincent, who's an attorney from Ohio, and he does, or focuses on raising private capital. He knows all of the SEC issues related to, you know, what you were discussing, Catherine, as far as multiple people coming on board and participating in limited liability companies and things like that. Basically, the way Paul described it, and you can watch the episode. But the way Paul described it is, anytime you're going to loan money, anytime you're going to invest money, etc. That is a security. Now, whether or not you need to give certain disclosures like a private placement memorandum, whether or not you need to verify that investors are accredited, all of that depends upon the terms of the investment and what's being provided. For in exchange for the investment, whether it's security, whether or not, you know, it's less than nine months, over nine months, those types of things. There's a number of factors. But I would say that if you're going to go in and promote and gather investors to put money into an LLC, and there's going to be multiple investors, it's not just you and somebody that you know and are acquainted with and you guys jointly are going to just go into this and it's just a two of you or that type of thing. But it's, you know, people outside of that and you're all pulling your resources. You know, that's something that, you know, depending on your relationship with the investors and another people involved, you're going to want to get some securities advice on that and make sure that, you know, you're not going to have some securities issues and you're not going to be a promoter and have personal liability and that type of thing. So just keep that in mind, you know, because the way you phrased it to me was, hey, we're getting all these people and, you know, are looking to pull funds, that type of thing. So, you know, just keep that in mind that there could be securities concerns, both with the JV, joint venture agreement, although there's less concerns if everybody's going on title to the property because, you know, they actually haven't an ownership interest in the property. There's less concern there, but if they're just taking a membership interest in LLC as a minority member, etc. I mean, that's something that, you know, consider and look into is getting some securities advice. Okay. I mean, I wasn't, it's more all of us in Gator who are trying to JV in case some people are ready with funds and other people didn't have had a deal but didn't have funds. So then we were combining as Gators, not outside of Gator. Yeah. I mean, you know, once again, if you're just playing the role as the investor or the lender, there's less concerns, right? Because you're not promoting, you're not raising the capital. But if you go to a person and they're like, well, I don't have the capital, can you provide it? And you're like, well, I can't provide it, but I can go find 10 more people they can. Well, now you're a promoter. You know what I mean, even if they're Gator lenders, you're a promoter, you're getting, you're going and finding people for this person to fund this transaction. But if they're just coming to you like, hey, can you put up money and you put up money? Well, there's really no securities concerns for you because it's your money and you're, you're risking it, right? And so you're just a lender, you're just an investor at that point. But if you are now helping this person fund their transaction by, you know, seeking assistance from others, you're now crossing into the securities concerns. Okay, that makes sense. And many times in Sean, just let me know if this isn't correct, but many times if we're in a situation where we're maybe I'm doing the main portion of the loan we're purchasing a property and someone needs still needs assistance with the down payment, I will offer to connect them with a private money lender, right? But that private money lender will always be brought in as understanding that we're purchasing a different property. It's not a property for us. There's a disclosure made out what they're lending on, but they don't necessarily have a position on the deed or if they do have a position on the deed, you know, it just depends on the situation. But I would think that if everything's disclosed at front, that would be appropriate, Sean. Maybe. I mean, once again, anytime you're soliciting capital, there's less concern if you're not receiving anything in return and you're just being a, you know, a good friend or a good, okay, you know, acquaintance or whatever, but that seller, not seller, that buyer who's obtaining those funds may have some issues with securities law and may need to do a private placement memorandum or confirm that the investor is accredited and things like that. Basically, you know, the way Paul described it, friends and family, you probably don't need accredited and, you know, them to be a credit and accredited investor, but you still may need to do it like a private placement memorandum. But if it's kind of someone you're not acquainted with or don't have a prior relationship with, then, you know, you probably need both a private placement memorandum and as well as, you know, to make sure that they're accredited. But I don't do securities law. I know, I know enough to, you know, spot the issue and provide some guidance on that, but just, you know, be, be watchful of that and mindful of that when you're dealing with these types of transactions, especially when you're raising capital from multiple sources. That's always the, you know, where you're going to get into hot water. Makes sense. But if everyone in Gators is volunteering in their chat, then that's not really me raising money. That's them all saying, I want it and I want it, right? Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, if you put out the solicitation, then, you know, that's, you're going to be a promoter ultimately. But if I saw that they had already posted, hey, I have funds to share, hit me up and I contact them. Same thing. Same thing. Same thing. Now, you're the other investor you're going in with, you know, they could hit them up. But, you know, you're crossing the line when you're hitting them up. You become a promoter. So you're saying the buyer, the original person who's asking for the loan that I was trying to be the Gator lender on, yeah, he would have to find other Gator lenders technically, not me. Correct. And he would probably, he or she would probably need to, you know, comply with all the securities laws as well. But that's, you know, at least you've extricated yourself from that transaction, if you will, as far as, you know, being a promoter and having liability upon you. Okay. And the liability, I mean, if it was just like two or three Gators, is the liability, is it somewhat a Gator that would come after me if they lost their money or who? Yeah, that's what would, yeah, if they, you know, look, who knows what the real estate market's going to do. When the market went, went down previously back in, you know, 2008, I spent in order to survive in the practice of why I spent, you know, a good five or six years sitting across the table from people who are facing, you know, short sales and foreclosures and a lot of them were investors. And, you know, so if the market goes down and people lose money, they look for ways to get that money back. And, you know, one way is to say, oh, well, so and so, you know, they can't, if you, if you've set up a corporate structure, right, you've set up a corporate structure, well, then, you know, there's not much they can do to pursue your assets. But if they can say, oh, well, Catherine individually contacted me and secured my investment, then it will, the securities laws. Now, you can be personally liable for that. So they're looking for any, you know, people look for any avenue to pursue a claim, unfortunately. All right, cool. Thank you. That was very helpful. Yeah. All right. Perfect. So Debbie, I have you next. Hey, one, perfect. Yeah. Thank you so much. Hi, everybody. Nice to meet you guys. John, appreciate you as well. So real quick, this is, I'm wondering if I'm going to give you a quick scenario similar to what pays taught as in the last Gatorland lending training 6.0 with Chris Kalamari's example. So I'm just curious from a paperwork perspective, if there's any additional stipulations that I should be looking for when doing this particular deal. So I have currently a lead where, for instance, there's a flipper that has a property, but he needs to close in two weeks. He already has an HML lined up. And, but of course, the HML will take 30 days to fund the deal. So in the example that Pays talked about last time he had or actually Chris had a flipper that he would be lending money on, but we wouldn't get the money back for another three months. So Pays mentioned, okay, do the note and the deed of trust. And also do a cross collaterize with another property that their flipper was going to refinance from. And that way you can get paid out of that transaction in case the, in case the other, yeah, that way you can get paid out of that transaction in case the first deal goes out or in case, yeah, that I think that's what it was. And then the other part he mentioned, then at a second thing around where in the agreement, where he states that if it doesn't get refinanced in 30 days, then you want to have some additional cost to give to the borer so you can incentivize them to make sure that they do follow through. But that was an example where the flipper has another property ongoing and process, right, where you can cross-collarize collaterize collaterize. Oh my gosh, I can't stop right now. Yeah, so, yeah, I guess so my question has since for this particularly that I have, I'm not sure the flip rams will speak to him later today. Let's say, assume that he does not have any other properties that I can do the cross-collateralization. So would a deed of note and a deed of trust be sufficient? Well, it depends. Are you going to be in first position or second position? I would think first. I mean, if the prop, look, I'm an attorney, I don't, you know, work up numbers as far as, you know, property and appraised value and you know, debt-to-income ratios and other things like that, not debt-to-income, ratios as far as the loan to value ratios, that type of thing. But if you have a $200,000 piece of property that's valued at $200 and they buy it for $150,000 and you give them $150,000 loan and you secure that $150 by the real estate, you're in first position. Then in that case, you're in pretty good shape. I mean, you can foreclose and you should be able to get your 150 out of it. What you can do, and I would do, is if you're going to do it this way, obtain a lender's policy of title insurance and make the buyer pay for that as part of, you know, their closing costs on the original transaction. Generally, a lender's policy of title insurance, if they're obtaining a buyer's policy of title insurance, the title company throws them in for a few hundred dollars, so it's not a big thing. But it protects you as the lender. Let's say you go to full closing, you realize the title company screwed up and you aren't in first position, you know, you're now in, you know, second position because there was this other loan out there. Well, then you have a claim if you obtained a lender's policy of title insurance. So, you know, you're going to have to determine your own risk tolerance. If they don't have another, you know, property that you can use as collateral and decide, hey, am I good with just this property being collateral? And if they don't pay me in 60 days, I can foreclose and get my money out. Fantastic. Thanks so much, Sean. Appreciate it. Thank you, Beth. Great. And before I move on to anyone else, I want to make sure we answer questions regarding the documents that we have in here today. Everyone's asking so many great questions. But I just want to make sure that we get those questions answered regarding these documents. Can the the leftovers that I have with questions, can you put in the chat, do you have a question regarding the escrow instructions or do a question regarding something else? Because I'd like to get the these specific gator dot questions out of the way first, because I did only plan this for an hour, Sean. I'm not sure how much time you plan to stay with us today. Yeah, unfortunately, I have a consult at 11. So it looks like Blake, you do have a question. So, Blake, I'm going to have you unmute yourself. Blake Henderson. All right. Hi. Yeah. So I had a question that I ran into through an opportunity to digator land on E and D and it's on the earnest money loan agreement on number six, section six, it's the repayment to the lender upon loss of earnest money. And they were asking me basically like, if I don't get my money back, what happens? So I told them, you know, this this area to the 25% interest rates added to the let the loan. But how is that secured if it's not if it's just on earnest money, it's not actually an asset necessarily. How do I ensure I get that? So the next section and I realized there was some number numbering issues on an old version that this newest version has the correct numbering. If you look at paragraph six, probably your paragraph seven, it talks about security. And basically, it says that the repayment of the deposit lender fees. So lender fees are fees that are paid to wire the funds, for example, so it's like 30 bucks or 50 bucks or whatever accrued interest and any other amounts are secured by and by grants lender a lien against any funds held in any escrow for or on be for on behalf of or for the benefit of the buyer for any real estate transaction, which buyers this is the buyer seller assigned or and then you can file a UCC one financing statement with the secretary of state or whatever department or agency handles the filing of UCC ones for where for the state in which the property is located. So basically what you do is you you file a UCC one where this buyer is operating. And if you can find out where they have other escrow's open, then you go to the title company, you deliver your UCC one and say, hey, before you make a payment to the buyer, I'm a you know 10 grand, you need to pay that money to me. Awesome, thank you so much for answering that. Yeah, perfect. All right. Do you want to take one more question? All right, it looks like MJ, you have a question regarding the docs, the docs. Cool. Thank you so much. Appreciate your time. Okay. I hopefully will have a something to lend on here soon. And I just want to make sure I got the docs in order. So in the perfect world, if they use our wholesale contract, then what I need to submit is that contract with the verbiage on there, releasing the EMD sign by the seller. I need to submit that and then the earnest money loan agreement, which is signed by me and the wholesaler or the buyer, laying out all the terms and the money return and all that good stuff. Do I submit that plus since I was going into escrow, do I also send in the escrow instructions, release of the EMD? So the no, you don't send me your money. You don't send me your money loan. Okay, go ahead. MJ, I'm just going to keep you muted. Just to answer the question. So you don't submit the earnest money loan agreement to title, but you submit everything else, right? You submit the purchase contract and then you provide the earnest money deposit in conjunction with the purchase contract when it goes to title. Then you submit the all of the escrow instructions. So the first escrow instruction is the, well, no, strike that. You hold back the escrow instruction signed by the seller and you only use that if the contracts cancel during escrow and the title company is refusing to release the funds. So that one you hold back. The two escrow instructions that you submit to title are the first very first one, which is the the assignment of earnest money deposit in irrevocable escrow instructions. So this one just deals with the fact that you own basically the earnest money and you own it all the way up till closing. So this is anything that happens pre-closing where the buyer's going to otherwise receive the earnest money back, you're telling title, well, it's not theirs, it's mine. And you can't give it back to them. You give it back to me. That's what this first document does. So this covers a scenario where the earnest money is going to ever, at any point, be returned to the buyer for any reason. One reason could be that they assigned it and they ended up obtaining an earnest money deposit from the assigned E. That goes into escrow and then they're like, oh, well, that's the replacement deposit. You can give me mine back. Well, no, that still goes to you as the lender. That's yours. Basically, this document's telling title, the earnest money yours. It goes to you. So that's the first document. Then the second document, and this is the one you want to come into play, right? This is it. I mean, this is why you do what you do and why you make the gator loan. This document basically says, hey, you're about to close, which is fabulous. And we're all going to be happy. And so from the closing, I get the deposit back and I get my compensation. That's what this document tells the escrow agent. They don't need to see the earnest money agreement. They just need to see this instruction signed by you and the buyer slash, you know, a sign E, a sign or in the transaction. And this basically states that you get your earnest money back and you receive your payee compensation. So your fee, your percentage of the assignment fee, you know, whichever you've chosen there. And that's that's to be used when it closes. But you submit both of them to title, but once pre closing, once at closing, if that makes sense. Perfect. All right. MJ, I'm going to let you in the former time. MJ. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yes. Okay. Great. Thank you. So if they use our contract and not submit that contract in the escrow and the irrevocable escrow instructions, payment from buyer at closing, those are the only two things I'm submitting. I'm getting the the JV agreement or the that first document signed, but I'm holding that back. Did I get that right? Correct. So the three documents that get submitted to escrow when you open escrow are the purchase contract, the assignment, a earnest money deposit, as well as the as well as the irrevocable escrow instructions, payment from buyer at closing, those are the three documents you'll submit to the title company when you open escrow purchase contract, assignment and escrow instructions, and then the irrevocable escrow instructions for closing. Gotcha. And if they don't use our contract, then I have the seller signed the irrevocable escrow instructions. Correct. And they're okay, don't be. Along with the other two documents, you just mentioned. Yeah. And I would have the seller even with with the contract because the title title says, oh, we want a separate writing signed by the seller or separate instructions signed by the seller to release the earnest money, even if that language is in the purchase contract. So I would, you know, tell the buyer, hey, look, get the seller to sign this. We'll just hold it. If title gives us a hard time, we'll pull it out and say, well, here's your, you know, separate writing, or your separate instruction. Got it. Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate you, Sean. You bet. All right, guys, and I'm sure that was your next meeting calling you, Sean. So I know you have an 11 or 12. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. All right, everyone. I'm so sorry if we didn't get to your question. I'm sure we'll have plenty more of these meetings, but Sean, thank you so much for taking the time today. Thank you. And if anyone has questions about these documents, I'm sure there's lots of people in this group that can ask that can answer them. You guys have the Gator Discord channel. Go in there, ask your questions, try and get your questions answered from other people. Otherwise, we'll do this again soon. I'm sure. So thank you. Thank you, everyone. Have a good day.