 Good morning, everybody. Happy Sunday, one minute early, 659 on a Sunday morning for those of you on the East Coast, Heather Witzig. I see you with your hand raised. It's already 10 o'clock in the morning. I hope you guys have gotten some stuff done. I got something done this morning. I read 20% of a book this morning, and I want to share something with you guys. I forget how good this book is. And it's one of those things that like it's one of those books that literally this is the only book you would ever have to read in your entire life. And you will, you would become a billionaire. No joke. In fact, it's like one of those things of like, should I just literally read this book over and over and over and over the rest of my life because it has everything in it that you'll ever need? What book do you think it is? There you go. Travis got it. It's phenomenal. One of my favorite parts of this book is I'm just, you know, I'm in chapter two, essentially. And the introduction is phenomenal. The chapter one is phenomenal. Even the forward from the publisher is phenomenal. It's everything just unbelievable. And the story about his son was really, really cool and important for me because I realized from yesterday, I had a student of mine who has in her mind a deficit, a speech impediment essentially. She has an accent. It's very heavy accent. And I was going through and telling her it's, that's a super power, you know, having an accent when you're talking to sellers, negotiating actually is a super power because it's disarming, right? Whereas if I call a seller or I'm negotiating I with clean English, somewhat articulate, I actually sound like a salesperson. You don't, you sound disarming and sweet, all right? So we're talking about think and grow rich for everybody that is wondering, 475 people here on the Sunday morning, check this out. This is an interesting one. This is really good. It's a little, it's a little bit of a poem, okay? This is great. Remember, no more effort is required to aim high in life, to demand abundance and prosperity, then is required to accept misery and poverty. I'm going to read that again before I say the quote in the poem. Remember that no more effort is required aim high in life to demand abundance and prosperity, then is required to accept misery and poverty. Here's the poem. A great poet has correctly stated this universal truth through these lines. I bargained with life for a penny and life would pay no more. However, I begged at evening when I counted my scanty store, for life is just an employer. He gives you what you ask, but once you have set the wages, why you must bear the task? I worked for a menial's hire only to learn dismayed that any wage I had of life, life would have willingly paid. It gives me chills to think about that. There was time to my life when I was challenged myself. I had this thought of like if I could just make $5,000 a month, if I could just make $5,000 a month. And no joke. Now with all of our businesses combined, I'm probably make somewhere between 20 to $40,000 a day. A day. Think about that. Think about that. And then that doesn't include growth of my real estate portfolio or any of that. A lot of it's my lending business. A lot of it's my real estate business, my cash flow, my software businesses, stuff like that. But it's like what's funny is even where I'm at right now in my life, I still feel as inadequate or inadequate is not the right word because I know I'm adequate. I feel I still feel as untapped. My potential is untapped as much as I felt 13 years ago when I told myself if I could only make $5,000 a month. I felt the same desire, the same I have not met the best version of myself. I have not become the same person to myself. I still feel like there's a whole entire horizon and whole set entire like blue ocean that I haven't even discovered yet about myself. And then I read this this morning and I just think like whatever you're bargaining for okay, life will give you. And here's what's funny is that moment when I went out and I bargained with life essentially for that $5,000. How much money do you guys think I was making at the time? $5,000. It's crazy. It's absolutely freaking crazy to like go back and like if you guys have not read Think and Grow Rich, first and foremost, it'll get rid of your complaining, it'll get rid of all the things in your life. I'm going to read this one last time because it meant so much to me. Wow. It's so crazy this whole entire chapter. There's a difference between wishing for a thing and being ready to receive it. No one is ready for a thing until he believes he can acquire it. The state of mind must be belief, not mere hope or wish. Open mindedness is essential for belief. Closed minds do not inspire faith, courage and belief. Remember, no more effort is required to aim high in life to demand abundance and prosperity. Then is required to accept misery and poverty. I bargained with life for a penny and life would pay no more. However, I begged that evening when I counted my scanty store. For life is just an employer, he gives you what you ask. But once you've set the wages, why you must bear the task. I worked for a menial's hire only to learn dismayed that any wage I asked of life, life would have willingly paid. Holy moly. What are you guys thinking your pot? What do you guys think is possible? What do you guys feel like you have legitimately? I feel like I have so much untapped potential in my life, even me at a level that most people would go, oh, yeah, you make that kind of money. Make a couple hundred grand a month or you know, there's months where I make a million. Right. And still think that there's it's like there's so much money out there. There's so much abundance. There's so much for everybody to make that whatever you guys think is possible. I am telling you it's a hundred times larger than that. It's so un it's incomprehensible. And that's the funny thing is if I met myself back when I thought $5,000 a month was going to solve my problems and I had a conversation with myself about that. I would have and I said, hey, you know, there's days where you're going to make 20, 40, 60,000 dollars in a day like multiple like every day, like every day. I would go, that's impossible. It's not possible. And I've had to chisel. And this is why it took 13 years, not 13 months is because I had to take all this time and this energy to chisel away the disbelief and then replace that disbelief with small little seeds of belief. And it just took so much time. And if I could have gone back and fixed one thing, I would have fixed my ability to believe that I could be something larger than I was at the time. And in fact, a year ago, I was telling people, I was like, I'll never be a billionaire, but you know, I'm happy with half being half a mill half a billionaire. And then even in the last 12 months, you know, working on mindset and getting in the right rooms and being around the right people and being introduced to new ideas and thoughts and absorbing through osmosis, other people's energy that are at that level, you start realizing, holy crap. Being a billionaire is not just within my reach. I probably have the power of turning other people into billionaires. And that is a scary thought because then I say, am I ready for that? And then it makes me only motivated to go get some work done. So anyway, good morning for everybody. Sorry, that took eight minutes or so. If you guys have not read that book, oh my gosh. All right, let's get into it. So today, a couple of things, a couple of announcements for the Gator Tribe. All right. I'm going to change a couple of things. I said last week, I don't want you guys marketing as Gator lenders, I thought about that. I got on the phone with my attorney and I changed my mind. I think that there actually is an advantage to you guys in terms of marketing as Gator lenders. And here's why what will happen is in this industry, we will as a group change the face of Gator lending and people will understand the difference between a Gator lender, a private money lender, a hard money lender, etc. And when you say, I can Gator lend, I want people to immediately know the difference. And I want you guys to be able to say, I will Gator lend for you and we want the industry not to have to guess what that means. Do we all agree with that? Give me a yes. We got 650 people in here. Give me 650 yeses. Thank you guys. Do we all agree with this? Okay. Now a couple of things. I want you guys to not name your company Gator lending because we have now trademarked that phrase. Okay. It's okay to say, Hey, my name is Effie lending. Hi, you sweet woman. Effie. Good to see you. You look great in that color. I don't know if that's magenta. I don't know what it is, but it looks phenomenal on you. Okay. Um, you can call it whatever what your business should not be called Gator lending, but you when people, it's kind of like I'm not going to start a bit a lending business called paces hard money lending business, right? It doesn't need to be on the nose, right? Right on the nose of what what it is, right? You need to market yourself however you want to do it. Powerhouse capital lending. I like that expert Gator lenders. That's a really great way. Okay. West says it's fleeting unfamiliar. Okay. Um, um, Irmar so here's here's what I'm going to do today guys. I'm going to spend three hours or at least two hours and 30 minutes with you guys in about 15 minutes. I'll actually start educating. Um, I will be primarily doing Q&A today. Okay. And there's a couple of reasons for that. Number one, um, I want you guys to all all know that we just announcements, right? Just making sure you guys know new updates, new things, etc. So I am okay with you guys saying I'm a Gator lender. I'm okay with you guys going out and saying I'm a Gator lender. I think that the industry needs to understand what we're doing. I'm closing Gator lending off as of June 1st. Oh, right now we're going to be focusing primarily on um, how do I do micro lending, right? Like how do I give somebody a small earnest money deposit? By the way, the largest earnest money deposit return that I've seen so far that people have DM DM me about $2,500, four days and they made $32,000. That's pretty dope. Okay. Now you're not, that's not going to happen all the time. Okay. But it does happen. I think that the average is going to be like a thousand to three thousand dollar earnest money and you're going to make anywhere between two to six thousand dollars, right? This kind of the average. So that's pretty cool. So right now we're talking a lot more about the micro lending and earnest money and those types of things and I've got an email that I'm actually going through. I have not even read it. I had a girl DM me on Instagram just saying, hey, I need a lender and I go, oh, great. You know, um, sounds like a Gator loan. She's like, I have no idea what that means, right? So I go, great. Well, I can lend you some money. Let's send me an email. So she sent me an email. I have not looked at it. Okay. Um, when says I'll make $10,000 on $1,000. When, um, are you, is that a transaction you're in the middle of right now? When. Yes, high-pace. What's up, brother? Can I see your face? I'm not wearing a shirt. So not a good idea. I mean, I've seen you naked, bro. You look great. I'll put my, uh, my daughter's face. She's pretty little bit of me. But yeah, on that, on that deal, someone we styled, they need a thousand dollar DMD and, uh, I'm 50% partner on the deal now. So, I'm gonna be at least a 20,000 out of deal. When, when, where did you find the opportunity? Creative financial piece, more of you. Amazing. So not only do I teach you guys the lending practices, but I also give you guys the paperwork. I also have taken three years of my life to build a Facebook group that gives you opportunities. What more, guys, let me ask you a question. What more can I do for you today? Good job. So you got the mastermind. I know you will. You're, um, good work for you, bro. That's awesome. Thank you, man. Thanks for everything. Of course. Thank you for taking action. I appreciate it. The way, the way, here's what I love. You want to pay it back to me. You want to show me you appreciate me. You don't do, you don't tell me you appreciate me. You show me. You appreciate me. Okay. You show me by taking action. You show me by helping other people. You show me by tagging me on Instagram. You show me by doing those types of things. Okay. All right. So, um, a couple of things. I've got Heather Wittsig. She's smart. She's a sub two student. She knows what's up. She raises her hand in the second Zoom start. She's a smart girl. So, um, we're going to do Q&A primarily today. And one of the main reasons for that is just to clear out any questions and go through a couple of case studies. Um, also, I'm going to have, um, to have everybody sign and, and a non-disclosure and, uh, non, um, non-compete agreement before we do another training. It is unfortunate, but I've already had to sue two people that are taking my, they've taken the two zooms that we've done privately. And they are, um, have sold them. They've created their own little private mentorship. And they're already selling them. This is what happens. Happens all the time. You guys want to see this is, I'll show you a couple of things. This is what happens all the time. I've shown a lot of my sub two students this, but you guys need to see this because it's really interesting. The things that I deal with on a daily basis are just absolutely insane. So like, look at this. This is a post that we, you know, we, we see these all the time we have, um, we've spent a lot of money on a monthly basis. Look at this. You got this guy going, Hey, I have, uh, I have the following courses, listing agent course by reverse selling, Fisbeau, by blah, blah, blah, sub two course by pace morbby zero to hero course by pace morbby Jerry Norton, um, pace morbby live seller calls on 17, 17 situations. Okay. Guys, this happens all the time. So when I, when I'm really strong and I'm cursed and I make you feel like I'm your dad sometimes and I'm being really, really strong, this is the type of stuff I deal with. Okay. Um, people will even take, in the free creative finance with pace morbby Facebook group, people used to take my seller recorded calls. I used to, before I was a mentor, I had that Facebook group. And so I, um, used to give a lot of things in their away, like seller calls. And I go, Hey, I just got from back from an appointment. One of them was one of my best appointments ever where I got, um, a zero percent down zero percent seller finance deal. Um, and I recorded the whole entire conversation like in the ladies kitchen. I did on my phone. I uploaded it to Dropbox and I released the Dropbox link. And, um, it was stuff like that. The people started putting stuff together and started going out and selling seller, my seller calls for $99. Just, it's so funny that it's like people do this to me. It's, it's crazy. So, um, I try and keep things private, but unfortunately, here we are, right? It's like I, I, I'm doing this for a handful of reasons. I've already talked about it. But number one, I really want to create a lot of lenders for my sub two community. Um, I, I genuinely, my biggest passion in my life besides my wife and my children is my sub two communities, my biggest passion. And so, um, I made a commitment years ago that when I went and if I ever became a mentor, I would have an undying burning desire to change people's lives in a very tight knit community. And so for me, Gator Lending was a way to amplify other lenders who wanted to take action, get lines of credit and then bring those people into my students world. Okay? And so a lot of you guys that are in here that are not sub two students um, will benefit from my sub two mentorship and being able to lend to them, the people who are in my sub two mentorship are double benefited because you already have, um, people that know like and trust you and you're already in that community, right? And so you will also be a lender for those people, which is really, really cool. That was kind of the number one reason. Number two is that I, myself will raise another $25 million this year for multi-family stuff. And I wanted to have a very specific place to put that. I wanted to have a very specific place to harness that because I could teach raising private capital all day long, but people who are not in tune with what that means. It falls on deaf ears. And I end up getting questions about really silly things. And so I really wanted to navigate and change the audience for the raising private capital. And instead of just doing it privately in my office upstairs, I wanted to livestream my ability to raise capital at some point. So we will be doing that and transitioning to that at some point in the next three to four months. The Gator tribe will go on for a very long time. Um, so we'll have a lot of fun in here. So the goal of Gator lending guys is for you guys to understand a couple of things. I hear, let me whiteboard it for a minute and we'll get into it. So I really want you to understand that it's not just to teach you how to do several, several, several ways of lending. It's also that, let's say I'm here today. And what I really want is I want you guys to think about this as, you know, there's people in here that two have 200, 300,000 dollars that are like, I'm going to go be a Gator lender with this two or 300,000 dollars guys. That's not what you should be doing with that money. Okay. Imagine. Imagine is if you had maybe a thousand to five thousand dollars max is really what you guys should be putting at risk for Gator lending. And what you should be doing is growing lines of credit. And over time, as time waves on, let's say one year from now, hypothetically, we will still be doing Gator training in one year. Everybody in here should say I have a 50,000 or more line of credit. And this is the main money that you guys utilize for lending right here. Do you guys understand what I'm trying to get you guys to do? All right. So do you guys see the difference here? Here's here's what I'm seeing a lot, right? I'm seeing a lot of these lenders, these Gator lenders going, oh my gosh, I know what I'm going to do. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to I'm going to go, I have a hundred grant, 200 grant. I have a lender actually one of my lenders that have partnered with me on some deals. They're they go, hey, I'm not no longer going to be a private money lender. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go put all my money in Gator lending and my you don't even know where to find the deals to lend on. You're not going to be able to deploy that kind of money first and foremost. So you're going to take your money that's earning you a passive check every single month and pull it out of circulation. Okay. Yeah, of course, Ashley, PCS walking all of us through the steps to build credit. That's what we're all here for. Okay. Literally the only people that are in this group. Oh, God, thank you, Ashley. Appreciate that. How did you type that fast? Actually, it's amazing. So the whole reason you guys are in here is this. I want you guys to understand how to build a business without using your own money. Okay. I don't want you guys using your capital. If you're a private money lender right now, you should be a private money lender for people. There's a very big difference. You should only be you to let you using this as a resource to build your gator lending business. Okay. Don't go out there and go. I'm going to go and take over the whole entire world because I have a hundred thousand dollars guys. Who do you think has the advantage? Stop and think about this for just a moment. The person who has an advantage is it the person who has half a million dollars or the person who figures out how to build a business with no money. What do you get again? Think about that for a minute. Okay. So I get a lot of people. Nina Shoop. I'm talking to you if you're in here. They go, Hey, I have a lot of equity in this deal. And I want to use that to go lend money to people. And I go, Okay, well, how much do you have? She all three three hundred four hundred grand. Should I do a cash out refinance? Okay. Should I do a cash out refinance and they and she I go, Hell no. Do not do a cash out refinance and go lend money to people. What you should be doing is building a lending business by compounding your earnings and also by building a lot lines of credit that allow you to build a business based on other assets. If you have a hundred grand, 200 grand, 300 grand, what should you be doing with that money? Is you should be investing in multifamily syndications or or funds? You should be investing in Airbnb's and passive income. Okay. And then you should be gator lending is a is an active business. Stop stop thinking about it as a passive business. It's an active business. Okay. Unwise to use an existing personal line of credit. No, it's if you have a line of credit, which is opm other people's money or you have a couple of thousand dollars on a credit card or you have a thousand or two thousand dollars. That's what I would start with. Okay. Gator lending is you stacking skills in the lending arena. And if you're the person that comes in and starts. This is a great story and then I'll get into Q and I. Okay. Check this out. I used to play the trumpet. I used to play the trumpet and my parents started me in fifth grade. Okay. They started me in fifth grade and that was an Arizona thing. So in Arizona you start playing an instrument at fifth grade, sixth grade, et cetera. So then my parents moved me to Utah where people start playing instruments in seventh grade. So when I start, this is what's so freaking great of this story. How have I never told this story before? Never told this story before. So what do you think happened when I after two years of experience jumped into seventh grade band in Utah? I am I was what they called first chair. Okay. If you guys know anything about band, I was first chair. I was the shit. All the brand, all the band girls thought this guy with the trumpet is the bomb. Oh my gosh. This guy's so cool. All the guys wanted to be me. All the girls wanted to be with me. You know what I'm saying? Okay. So what do you guys think? Think happened. Do you think I stayed first chair with my work ethic? Do you think I stayed first chair with who I am? Do you think I stayed first chair? No, I did not. Because I started with advantages. I started with advantages. And I let other people overtake me that started from zero. Because they hone their skills. They took it seriously. So again, who starts who has more of an advantage, the person with $500,000 or the person who learns skills on how to start from zero. And also the question you got to ask yourself for a moment is if I put you anywhere on planet earth right now with the things that I'm going to teach you in Gator landing or the things I've already taught you. I mean, hell, I've already taught you hundreds of thousands of dollars of value. Could you go anywhere on planet earth and make a living based on what I've taught you? Okay. Okay. So I have a girl. I don't know her from Adam. Her name is Karina Boussoulle. Obviously. She sends me a DM and she basically says this. She says I'm willing to give you 25 grand plus 15 equals 40,000 dollars back. And I should sell this house within one month. Okay. Cool. So let me ask you a question. This is, am I sharing? I haven't shared anything with you guys. I'm sorry. Let me share this with you. Oh, now you can see you can see it. So Karina Boussoulle, I just got this email actually came in two days ago. So am I a good business owner right now? I have not even looked at this email for two days. Do you think that's a good recipe for running a good successful business? Bob Wardburton, what do you think? Anthony, what do you think? Effie, do you think this is a good practice? If one of your students when you were teaching asked a question, it took you three days to answer them. Would that mean you're a good teacher or a bad teacher? Effie, bad teacher, right? So I am hiring an executive assistant. I do have nine individual operations managers for my nine businesses, but I have proven to not be able, I've proven to overwhelm everybody. And so I need an executive assistant dedicated just to me and help me answer my email. So here we go. She sends me a DM on Instagram. So guys, where did this come from? Because somebody's going to ask, I promise you, why do I stop and ask you guys these questions and ask you to fill in the conversation? It's because people will ask me in seven minutes and they will say, where did this deal come from? Because they'll just tune in. So what I did is I replied back to the Instagram. I go, hey, send me an email, give me all the pertinent information as if, and I send them a voice memo. A lot of people at DM me, if you DM me, I'll send you a voice memo. So she sends me an email and now she's waiting for me to make a response. So let's go through this real quick. What is Gator lending? Gator lending in a very quick thing is somebody else has a deal. Not me. I didn't find a deal. Somebody else has a deal or some sort of way for me to make money. Could be a fix in flip, could be a development, could be a wholesale deal. It could be just about anything you could imagine. It's somebody else has the deal. And somebody then asks you for a resource. Does it have to be my money? That resource? Does it have to be money at all for that example? Okay. It doesn't have to be money. It doesn't have to be my money. It can be a variety of whatever things. It could just be a resource that I bring to their transaction. So I'm bringing a resource to their transaction. Is it for a year? Is it for two years? Is it for five years? Or is it usually a little bit quicker of a transaction? Okay. Now with these types of transactional things, it requires a lot more paperwork and it requires a lot of headaches. So people that are out there that have $200, 300, 400,000 in cash, do not use your cash for these types of investments. Learn how to build your corporate credit. Use your larger chunks of cash to lend money for people to people and get passive income while you're working on this stuff. Okay. Shannon Walton says it right. Use credit, not cash. Use your cash to invest in passive stuff. Okay. Things that don't require a lot of effort. Things that you just get to check every month no matter what's going on. And through this business, this active business, you can build resources through these trainings that we're going to be doing. Okay. Everybody give me a thumbs up. A yes, a hell yeah. Whatever it is that we all understand the difference between that and what we're trying to accomplish here. Because I get a lot of people that are like, Oh, I got a hundred grand. I'm going to go, No, you're not. Don't do that. We're trying to build a business based on building credit. Okay. Does that also help other people that have a hundred grand or 200 grand or 300 grand go, Oh, damn. I was kind of thinking about this a little bit wrong. And I also was like, thought I was the bomb because I started band class in fifth grade. And I thought I was just going to dominate. No, somebody else with less resources and less advantages is going to take you over because you think you have advantages. Believe me, I all of a sudden became the ugly duckling in that class. I was third chair guys, not even second chair was third chair. All right. So this girl has a transaction. So let's look at it and let's make a determination. I know that a lot of people have Q and A's. We're going to do Q and A for from eight o'clock probably until nine o'clock. Okay. Give you guys three hours here. Let's look at this deal. And I like how she says investment info. All right. So the subject property is also this is why I have to sign NDAs and non disclosures because there is one knucklehead in every single situation that will steal things from people. I wish it wasn't true, but it is true. Unfortunately. And so I didn't even know there. I should have thought about it because the address obviously is going to be in there. But now I feel bad because some knuckleheads going to go there and call that seller and go, hey, I saw your address on the thing. This is what I get for doing things outside of sub two. Okay. So here's my initial thought. Okay. A couple of things. I'm going to tell you guys things that I've just learned in my life. What do I not like about this deal already? What do you guys think I what I don't like about this deal? It's in BFE. It's in the middle of nowhere. I like the what? There's roads out here. Like the biggest businesses you have are like log cabin businesses. You zoom out a mile. They're ain't nothing. Right? It does look like Gator country, which is ironic. So let's let's look at this. It's in the middle of nowhere. So I got a challenge with that. Right? I don't feel good about that already. I don't feel good about that. So I probably right out of the gate would go, why is that a problem for me as a lender? Because she's got some situation on this deal that she's wanting me to lend $25,000 on. And is she going to have an easy time or a harder time to sell a deal? It's in the middle of nowhere. Okay. Now I'm sure the rule number one of gator lending is you're not a private money lender. That's not what this is. That's rule number one. Rule number two of of gator lending never lose money. Protect the money. Protect the money. Protect the money. Okay. So Kyle Patices rule number one. You're not a private money lender. Number really number one is you're not a private money lender. Build corporate credit to lend out. That's that's rule number one. Rule number two is never lose money. So immediately I look at that go, ooh, I don't like that deal. And by the way, me telling you these stories, am I not training you? Am I not training you literally the steps that I take of how I immediately react to an email? Because somebody's going to go, how should I determine to deal? How do I know if that's a deal or not? I'll go, guys, gosh, dammit. I told you a story, but you don't understand when I'm telling you story. It's actually teaching you. Okay. So immediately I look at that email, I go, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I do not want that deal. Okay. So instead of me just replying back to this knucklehead who's doing a deal out in BFE, by the way, if you're a wholesaler or you're anybody out there doing real estate deals and those kind of areas, what are you doing? Why? Why? You see that pastor, that meme of the pastor's like, why? Why? So good. So there is no reason you should be out there doing those deals. There's no buyers out there. There's no retail buyers out there. You have a limited buyer's pool. So it's like setting up a t-shirt stand in the middle of the desert. What am I doing selling t-shirts in the middle of the desert? There's nobody around. It doesn't make sense. That business model doesn't make sense. So when people are like, hey, pace, I got a deal. This is how everybody in Florida talks to me, by the way. Hey, pace, I got a deal in man, I can't. It's a wholesale deal. I know it's a deal because I did the comp for myself. This is like a mix between Florida and New Orleans. I did the comp for myself. Now, I can't sell it. I can't find a buyer. Nobody wants to look at my deal. First and foremost, maybe we should stop using the word deal. You know what I'm saying? Because it's like, if I go to Walmart and Walmart has a loaf of bread for $100, does that sound like a deal? No, that loaf of bread is going to rot on the shelf. That is not a deal. Stop calling a deal, something that's not selling or is not going to sell. It's not a deal. Hey, hey, pace, I have a contract that I'm not sure if it's a deal or not. That's the appropriate way to say it. Do we agree with that? Everybody? I have a contract that I have not been able to sell, which means it's probably not a deal. Stop using the word deal. You guys are the same people that go, not you guys, but these knucklehead wholesalers. You're the same Chloe goes, what's up with that accent? Chloe, that's a Seattle accent. I know you're new to America. You came from China, but that's a Seattle accent. I have a contract. I don't have a deal. If you have a deal, that means somebody's going to buy it. A deal is somebody's going to buy it. These are the people that go to like some like Nordstrom having a sale. Man, Nordstrom having their half yearly sale, which actually is a pretty good sale. But the reality is you didn't save any money. They think they sold they saved money. I just spent three grand on a bunch of clothes, but I would have spent six grand if it wasn't for the sale. No, no, no, no, no. You should have paid zero dollars if there wasn't a sale, but they got you sucked you in because they told you you were getting a deal. You spent three grand more than you should have, not three grand less than you should have. Okay. So this is not for me. I don't like that deal. Okay. I'm telling you right now, I look at that right out of the gate and I'm like, eek, I do not like this. Okay. So let's look at I might even call her and see what is the deal. And I might even talk to her in a Floridian slash New Orleans accent. Okay. So subject properties this two acres, three bed, two bath mobile home. Okay, cool. Attach to the sign agreements with subcontractors currently has all permits pulled HVAC 5K scurrying and install 2K. Linoleum. I don't know how you guys spelled Linoleum in Florida, but I like it. I like it. Lano Liam. I think I think that's how people I think that's the accent coming through the spelling actually. I'm asking for 25,000. I will give you 25 grand plus 15 equals 40 back should sell within one month. I can you can do FHA USDA VA financing 45 day close. Okay. So I'd be okay because I have a line of credit with prime corporate. I would be okay lending 25 grand to somebody to get 15 grand back, especially in a 45 day close because if you divide that out like I let's figure that out. Just real quick. If I take 45, let's see, 15,000 dollars divide that by 45 days. That's $333 a day, right? I'm okay with that, especially if I'm using my line of credit at prime or that I got through prime. It's not prime corporate credit, but you know what I'm saying. The ARV is over 200 looking to complete and sell ASAP well drilling set for next week. Others immediately after final inspection. Okay. So immediately I start worrying about this deal because I'm like, I'm saying it. She doesn't have her phone number on here. Let me see if she'll reply back. Let me send her an email and just say, Hey, can you call me? And then maybe we can have a conversation with her. Okay. And this might help you guys kind of through some, would that be helpful for you guys to please don't tax me by the way because somebody's going to see my cell phone number and they're going to send me a text and they go, Hey, pace, I can't get into the gate or training. Hey, pace, my email doesn't work. Can you help me call my email service provider? Hey, not sure if you were, you know, the number one thing people say to me, then literally instead of people meeting me because I get like I get recognized now at like target it like that last night, I'm carrying groceries out with my son to talk from target. And somebody's like, Hey, oh my gosh, pace. I'm not sure if you remember me. I'm like, bro, literally to say anything but that when you first meet somebody. Right. That's what everybody says to me. I'm not sure if you remember. And so I put, he's like, can I get a photo? I was like, sure. Let me just walk over and drop my, he's like, No, no, it's just take a minute. I'm like, okay, so you want me to put my groceries down on the, okay, got it. Okay, let me put my groceries down right in the middle of the street. No problem. And then I take, I get the photo and then literally this morning. Okay, yeah, he tags me an Instagram and he DMs me. He goes, I'm not sure if you remember me, but I met you last night at Target. I'm like, what the freak, man? What's up with it? I'm not sure if you remember me stuff. Does anybody? All right. So anyway, I'll call her today if I should get back to me. Okay. And you know, here's a really good icebreaker. Here. Peace. My name is Link. I live in this state. Nice to meet you. That's a good icebreaker too. Okay. So, um, if she, he's, he emails me back. She's in, she's on the East Coast. I think she'll actually email me back. So that'll be really great. So we'll put that on hold. But what, what, what was my original thing? Okay, what, what was my original response to that email and why? My answer, my answer is no, right? I don't, I don't want that deal, right? There's $333 a day I can make on that, but I'm still not going to do it unless I talk to this girl. Maybe she can convince me. Maybe here's the other thing. Here's the other thing that can convince me to do this deal. I can be sold. Okay. Somebody with conviction in what they're doing and somebody who sounds confident and knows what they're doing. Somebody that is actually a good operator and maybe has some experience that goes, Hey, actually, I do a lot of deals in this area. I'm just, I have four, like, let me tell you this. Okay. If somebody called you right now and said, Hey, pace, I know this is a rural area, but I actually specialize out here. There's a lot less competition. I'm usually doing one of these every quarter right now. I have three of them going on because I just ran into a couple of good deals. I'm tapped out on cash. And so I need you to help me with this, you know, surplus of deals I have. But here's my last seven properties I've sold within a mile of here. And here's the profit margin I've had. I've made on everyone. I know what I'm doing. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Would that now convince you that that's a good opportunity? Cool. Right. So like, you see that you understand the difference, right? So this is why sometimes you get now, do we now, does this help you also understand why this is not private money lending? And this is go out and build your own capital through corporate credit because your private money lending should not have this level of scrutiny and paperwork and conversations and all that kind of stuff every 10 to 15 days. Okay. If you have somebody has, if you are somebody has 50, 100, 300,000 dollars, go put your money in something that's going to get you a check every month without a constant conversation and finding new people and in like, new in finding new people like this and opportunities like this, these types of opportunities require you to go build corporate credit and don't put any of your own money at risk. Okay. Now, if you're just building your corporate credit right now and you have three, five thousand dollars and you're like, you know what? I do want to do this deal. I'm going to get a couple of other gators together. That might be a good idea because like a gator wrestlers and another strategy we talked about, right? So like, let's say you find this deal and you guys are becoming friends in here. Wouldn't it be smart for a couple of you guys to put five grand each into this deal as long as you all felt good about it and you then collaborate on this deal and you all go forward and make some money? Pretty good idea, right? That's when I talk about gator wrestling. That's a great way to do it. So when you're over here going, but this is a 25,000 dollar deal. Gosh, I can't, I can't tell you the years and years of experience. I'm condensing into like three minutes when I tell you this. It literally took me years and years and years. Okay. Julie Burkhart says, can we talk about building of corporate credit specifically? Yes, we can, but I'm going to bring in a core of PCS to do that for us in a different episode. Okay. Patience, please. I know Julie has like, endearing, unbelievable patients. So I'm not saying that specifically to her. But just to everybody, please guys, if you want me to educate you for a year on this stuff and continually go do this with you and give you these things and nuggets along the way, it's just going to take you some time to get there. I promise you, I'm built right now. I'm digging out the trenches. And then we'll start pouring the foundation. Okay. And then actually, what we're going to do is we're going to right now we've already, when I went out and I educated people on what gator lending was, that was me pulling the permit on this project that we're building. Just me pulling the permit. That's it. Telling you what the opportunity is, what is the framework look like? Here's what the, here's what this strategy is. And then we did a couple of zooms together, right? We've done a couple of private, private zooms together. I've given you the paperwork already for the first type of transaction. That was me digging out the trenches for you guys. And now this week we're laying down some plumbing. We're doing some other things that are all need to go. And then over the next couple of weeks, we'll also lay the foundation. We'll start bringing PCS in here in my attorneys and all that kind of stuff. Okay. It's going to take you guys some time. Okay. So the thing is like if you guys see an opportunity like that, couldn't you guys collectively get together? Now, if I were you guys, okay? First and foremost, we might be setting up a Facebook group. I really don't want to because it's so challenging to deal with people's inability to be managed. People do stupid things. They steal from me. They take ideas from me and they go make them their own. And then you guys get punished because I don't want to have a Facebook group. And then I have to then shut down every Facebook group that goes out there with Gatorland because now it's trademarked. So good luck with that. But if I create a Facebook group, I then have to have rules and then guess what I have to have? I have to have somebody managing it because you guys can't be trusted. Not you guys, but there's one person in here that can't be trusted. I just don't know who it is. Who are you? Tell me who can't be trusted. Just tell us who you are right now. Like, let's just cut to this chase it. Instead of getting an attorney involved in three months when you steal some shit from me, just tell me who you are right now. We'll just cut out all the BS. Okay. But there's always one person. Anytime I do something free like this, there's always one person that steals from me and it sucks, but it is what it is. We've already had to take three people out of Discord and serve season to say. So it's been fun. Something I'm doing for free is already cost me probably 20 grand and legal documents for you guys to use and then also legal fees and payroll to a Kelli Hano and some other people on my team and graphic designer and stuff like that. So anyway, fun stuff. So if you guys see an opportunity like that, don't we all think that if you guys are becoming friends, whether it's through Facebook group or Discord channel, like it's a smart way to aggregate some deals and aggregate some money together. Go, hey, who's got five grand. Let's all chip in on this deal, right? So that opportunity right out of the gate, I don't like it. That's me and my personal business. So we also, here's rule number three of Gatorland. Okay. Rule number one, you're not a private money lender. You need to learn how to build corporate credit. Rule number two is don't lose money. Don't put yourself at risk. Okay. I had a Gator tribe member last week called me. He goes, dude, I can make 75 grand on this deal. I can make 75 grand on this deal. Okay. And funny enough, I told him not to do the deal because over time, we as a Gator tribe have to train the industry to use the proper documents, etc. Right? Rudy says on what outlay. I think it was like a no, I'm sorry, it was a $75,000 outlay, which he had, $75,000 outlay to essentially make 75 grand is in double as money. And it was like two weeks. And I told him, don't do it. And the reason being is because the person that was doing the deal used improper paperwork up front. It was in California, which means that the seller has to release the earnest money. Okay. And no, guys, do not, guys, can I ask you something, please? I'm going to tell you guys right now, do not suggest how I run my group. Don't give me a suggestion. I can promise you nobody knows better than me. These are one of the things that I will be absolutely unapologetic about. Do not make any suggestions to me, please. This is one group I will not take suggestions on. If you are in my sub two community, I will take suggestions all day long. That's a community. This is completely different. It's not that. Okay. Do not. If you send me a DM, go, hey, paste just a thought. Here's what I'll do on that DM. I'll go swipe delete block. Okay. Now, if the situation wasn't that the guy was in California, he was in California. So what happened is in California, do they have a, can the seller tell whether you're going to get your earnest money back or not? Yes. And same thing with Florida and Texas and Utah and other states. So here's a story that happened last week and it's not a Geater loan story. Okay. It's not a Geater loan story. This is a very interesting one. And I'll be really quick and then Heather, I'm going to get to you. We're going to go through Q and A. Okay. So I've got a, I've got a student. His name's Danny. He's a very helpful student. Danny. Okay. Also the Danny that's in here is very helpful as well, but the Danny I'm talking about is not in here. Okay. So Danny is one of my students. He has a contract on a foreclosure house. Right. So anything that I write with a C on it, that's a contract. So the sellers in foreclosure. So what does that tell you? There's a very specific time frame associated here. Right. And essentially in Texas, you get a foreclosure every, there's a foreclosure auction every 30 days. I think it's the first or the second Tuesday of the month. I can't remember somebody else will tell me in here. Okay. So there's always somebody who knows more an idea about Texas stuff, but that it is the first Tuesday. Okay. So if it doesn't get foreclosed on on, let's say, this coming Tuesday, well, then the good thing is you don't have to have another foreclosure for another 30 days. Okay. So he has a very specific time frame. They know that the foreclosure is coming up. So what did he do? He sells it to a wholesaler. Okay. Anytime I write the word WS means wholesaler. Okay. So a wholesaler gets the contract and is a wholesaler a buyer, guys? They're not a buyer, right? They're they're going to try and wholesale it somebody else. So technically, Danny is a wholesaler too, but what's Danny? Danny is what Danny is what I call DTS, direct to seller. Okay. Direct to seller. He has control of the contract. Okay. This is the middle man. Okay. Now here's here's the challenge. This is a real story, by the way. I had to get I had to get involved in this thing because Danny is my student and you'll understand why I got involved. I've rarely getting involved in these types of situations, but I did get involved. So then the end buyer is here. Okay. So here's what happens. Does the end or the end buyer, the person actually buying the property are they communicating with Danny? No. Okay. This is why a lot of people don't like daisy chaining, right? And they don't like the middle man wholesaler, right? Because Danny is already a wholesaler in this situation. And this creates a lot of complexity because Danny already is the wholesaler, but he's the direct to seller wholesaler. He went directly to the seller. He got the contract directly and he goes out and sends it out. And then this wholesaler who doesn't actually have any money is the person that now is communicating with Danny. So what happens is the close of escrow was supposed to happen on the 15th of the month. And guess what? The buyer was told that it was going to oh, I'm sorry, it was supposed to be the second of the month. Okay. The close of escrow, the day the transaction was supposed to close, COE, for anybody doesn't know, it was on the second of the month. For some reason, this chain of communication right here was told the 15th of the month. Okay. Yeah, this is co-hol sailing. So guys, can we can we call this? Can I can I teach you guys something real quick? And so we can bury that this conversation for good. This process is called multiple things. Okay. It's called multiple things. So let's all let's give it all the same name. Okay. It's this listen to me when I say this because it's very important. This is all the same thing 100% the same thing all right here. Micro flipping, co-hol sailing, astro flipping, JVing, what else we call it? Daisy chain, ing, I guess. What else? What other names do we go by guys? I feel like there's a couple other ones squatting up. Yeah, squatting up. JVing means joint venturing. Tony joint venture. Polly flipping. Is that a real thing? There we go. Lorina you got one. That's correct. Reverse hole selling. Okay. I had to deal like this on mobile home park contract flipping. Yeah. Here's the thing is like guys contract flipping is what Danny's doing. Okay. Danny is a contract flipper. He's flipping the contract. I'm talking about this part of the transaction specifically, right? This person that color is really faint. Hold on a second. Let me change this up. So this person right here and this part of the transaction right here, this purple, the purple, NERPO, what is this part of the transaction called? That's what we're talking about. Okay. So we've got, well, Dispo, Michael Jones essentially Danny's dispoing as well. Right. So that would all this would also be called Dispo here. Right. So how I'm talking about not wholesaling because Danny is wholesaling. Right. Not Dispoing because Danny's dispoing. Right. I'm talking about specifically this part of the transaction down here. Right. This part where the wholesaler is reselling the same contract a second time. Oh, double Dispo. I've never heard that before, but I guess we could call it a double Dispo. I mean, why not? We might as well add more ways to confuse people. Because all of these are the exact same thing. Dispo, Robert Wesner means disposition. I mean, sell something. Get rid of disposition. I'm going to dispose of disposition. I have a contract. I need to sell it disposition. I'm in a disposition, the son of a bitch, Dispo, disposition, dispose of. Okay. B2C. I like that, Darren. That's very smart. B2C contract. So this is the A2B contract. Right. So A2B. Actually, no, it's actually not A2B, technically. What is A2B? The seller is A. So here's the seller who Danny communicated to. This transaction here is A2B. This transaction here, Danny to the wholesaler is B2C and then this is called C2B. Okay. Does that make sense? I've done, I've seen some that are like literally seven of these. Okay. So like I've literally seen a wholesaler sell to a wholesaler sell to a wholesaler. I've been on these before. My title company sees them all the time. I've seen seven. I've seen as many as seven. Robert Hardy says I think it's called F-ery. Yeah, I would say. It happens all the time, guys. It's very, very frequent. It's very common. And Cody and I did a deal a couple of years ago where here's the seller. And by the way, do you guys think this is pertinent for you to understand as a gator lender that you need to understand all the parties involved in this and you need to understand what's going on and all of that kind of stuff? It's very important. This thing that what I'm teaching you is very, very important. So Cody and I have a seller and I go get the contract because I'm the boss. I go get a contract, right? And Cody and I sell it to this guy right here who set who swore up and down. He was the buyer, by the way. He swore up and down he was the buyer. We made $38,000 on it. He made 65, I believe. And the next person made three, the next person made three, the next person made five, the next person made three. And then this person was the actual and buyer right here. And then I ended up, I was like, you know what? I'm going to turn this into like a positive out term because I'm glad I made 38 grand. But more importantly, what was I really happy about is I was happy that I finally found the end buyer for this type of product. And we've probably now sold this guy. I don't know. We probably sold him 30 deals. And guess what? This is why the whole model of all of these things. This model is a really hard model to scale. Is because guess what happens? Everybody finds out that you have no value in the transaction. And so what do they do? All of these people, I never sold these people a deal once. It's like fool me once. Shame on me. Fool me against again. Shame on me. Always shame on me. Okay. So the value is maybe one and done for a lot of these daisy chaners. Okay. So what do we call this guys? If you ever hear somebody call it micro flipping co-hol selling, astro flipping, JVing, daisy chaining, reverse wholesaling, double disc bow, etc. This happens all the time. Okay. Chihuahua lending. I don't know what a poly means. But I don't know what that means. But okay. Is there are there any other names for this? Because I really want us to move past this because this will pop up multiple times. You guys will see people ask questions in about three months, six months, nine months in the discord or the Facebook group. Okay. And they'll pretend that any of these are different. They'll be, oh no, this is different than that. No, it's not. It's the exact same process. This is literally no difference between any of these names. Micro flipping, co-hol selling, astro flipping, JVing, daisy chaining, reverse wholesaling, double disc bow, none of them are different. Okay. Everybody on the same page here. Okay. So what is that? What's Danny doing? Is Danny a co-hol seller? There you go. The good job, guys. He is not a co-hol seller. Danny is just a whole seller. He's wholesaling the deal to who he believes is the buyer. Okay. He believes that this B to C transaction is all he's doing. So there's lack of communication here. Okay. Danny doesn't know that there's another buyer at the end of the day because the person that is buying the deal from him is lying and pretending like they are the buyer. And that causes a problem when they make a mistake and they say the close of escrow is the 15th, but it really is the second. And guess what day the seller is getting for close on. The seller got foreclosed on on the seventh. Literally, this just happened. The seller just lost their house. Okay. Now I'm on the phone to my seller. On the phone with my student, my student is going to figure out we're figuring out how to reverse the foreclosure. Yes, you can do that. These are things that I do teach people, not in gator lending, but I do teach people this. And so we are going to reverse the foreclosure and save the seller. And we're going to do it subject to. Okay. Now Danny was just like, dude, I don't, you know, here's the thing. Is this buyer in fault right here? No, right? Good job, guys. Are you guys, you guys like my way of teaching for anybody that's not one of my students? Usually I'm not making as rude of jokes. I'm a lot more polite to my students, but I like wrestling around with you, Gators. It's been fun. Okay. So the buyer doesn't have fault because the buyer was communicated. What was the buyer's communication on the close of escrow day? Right. So let's say, okay, as a gator lender, let's say that you are asked to lend Danny a thousand dollars because his contract right here that he has with the seller, this A to B contract states that Danny has to put a thousand dollars in. Before you lend money on a deal like this, number one, what are our rules? What do we follow? Anybody remember the rules of going through and making into determination? Whoever's saying, yeah, there we go, contract. What? There you go. Use our contracts. Number one, understand state laws, right? Remember this guy. It's different than gator lending rules. This is earnest money rules. Okay. And understand all the parties involved. This would be really, really hard. Okay, because here's what happens. Great thing for Danny. This is what happened with Danny. Danny required his seller needed a thousand dollars as earnest money. And then Danny was smart and he asked for five thousand dollars from the wholesaler. Okay, or the co wholesaler. So Danny's covered. Okay, because the seller got their thousand dollars and a foreclosed home, which sucks, but they still got their thousand dollars. And we'll solve that. And Danny gets to keep the five thousand minus the the thousand, right? So here's the challenge is now this buyer is coming and contesting this because they're saying, this is what my foreclosed, this is what my close of escrow day was. I've literally never seen this before guys. I've never seen, I mean, there's a lot of dumb co wholesalers out there, a lot of dummies. Okay, but they had this person screwed up the contract. Do you know how they made that mistake? You guys want to tell me how you want me to tell you how they made the mistake? It's really simple how they made the mistake like it logistically. How did they make the mistake? They made the mistake because what they did is they took their template of their assignment contract. And then they instead of going and creating a new one and filling out all the dates and all the pertinent information, they literally forgot to change the date on the assignment contract from a previous assignment contract. And they left the 15th in there. So it was like an honest mistake. They didn't mean to do that. But you will run into these things as a gator. And you need to make sure, do you guys now understand why I'm saying, Hey, this is more of an active business. This is not a business. You want to go put a hundred two hundred three hundred thousand dollars at risk. You want to put that money into passive income. And we want to build a corporate credit because this is an active business. Okay. You need to understand these things. This is I'm giving you like 10 years of education, 10 years of experience all wrapped up in these little story things interlooped with dirty jokes and cuss words. Okay, so now the buyer in this transaction is contesting. And they're now saying, I deserve to get my earnest money back. Who do you think? Do you think the buyer deserves to get their money back? I'm going to tell you right now, they do not. And why is that? There you go. Steve and Laura from New Jersey just got it right on the head. When you have your buyer, so let's guys, I'm telling you, I'm giving you a full blown education right now. This is great. When you let's say you get a, let's say you get a, um, oh, dope. I didn't know I could do that. That's cool. Um, okay. So let's see that say that you get a gator loan, a gator opportunity. Okay. That is, okay, go away by. Wow. I feel this bored up like crazy, huh? Okay. So let's say you get a gator opportunity right here with this person. It's the end buyer. Okay. So this girl that I that sent me the email earlier, she's the end buyer. Would it be smart for me to request a copy of the original contract directly related to the seller? Because that's what this buyer failed to do. When you are buying a deal, you are buying every, what are you buying here, guys? You are buying everything that Danny agreed to in this contract right here. See this contract right here? They're assigning the whole contract to you and just adding a fee on top of it. No, they can't, if they say no Carlos, then they, the reason why they would say no, why would they say no? There's only one reason why they would say no. It's because they don't want you to see how much they contracted it for. So what we do is we tell them just wide out what your purchase price is. I don't need to see your purchase price. I need to make sure the close of ask road date and anything else you've promised them is correct. So guys, I just told you something very important. So when you have a buyer down here saying, Hey, Effie, can I borrow five grand for my earnest money? You're going to say no problem. Can I get it? Can I see a copy of the original contract and they'll go, I don't have that. Okay, well, no problem. Better get that because I've heard the stories. Is it possible that the buyer doesn't even know Danny exists? Yes, 100%. That is possible. Chloe, great question. This is one of the biggest problems with this business model is that there's always some knucklehead right here. So always now there are a lot of professional outlets or outfits out there that do this like Keighley does this professionally. They do a great job. Jamil's business. They do it this professionally. They know what they're doing. Okay, they're a big operation. They're very smart. But the majority of people out there doing this model should absolutely not even be talking like they're so bad. These people are so bad. Okay. So that wholesaler should, the buyer should communicate with the wholesaler. Sorry, if there's too many colors, I'm going to see how many colors I can use today. Okay. So the buyer, let's say that Effie goes, Hey, hey, I'm going to be your EMD lender or your Gator lender on this deal. But I need to see the original contract just to make sure I'm lending on a good deal. The buyer is going to say, Oh crap, I didn't get that. What? What do you mean you didn't get that? You don't you don't care what your underlying contract is. That's pretty important. So guys, are you going to have to educate some of the people you're lending money to? Okay, it's going to happen. So then you just tell your buyer go get an underlying con go get the underlying contract from the wholesaler. So Chloe, that's the answer is that the buyers never going to be introduced to Danny. And even though that Dan, I wish Danny just knew who that buyer was, but he doesn't. Okay. And so there isn't a business opportunity here. Do you know how many people, guys, how many people do you think are in the country doing this model right here? Thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people a lot. A lot of them are ill equipped to run that business. Okay. This is also as a gator lender telling you right now another massive opportunity to you is that if you guys can find a Danny, right, the people are doing the deals, you guys actually can do a couple of things. So here's the transaction. So you got Danny. I'm sorry, this is the seller. I'm sorry. seller and Danny get into a contract, right? Here's the contract. Oh, you can be the gator lender that fulfills the financial part of that. And so you can you can make a return on your money. And if you really were smart, you could also find a buyer for them and double dip. And you can take the place of this transaction. Chris Richardson says I need to find Danny. They're broke. They're everywhere. You were at Chris Richardson. You were at a meetup the other day in Dallas where there's literally 150 of them standing in one room with you. In fact, there was a, I don't know if you met Carolyn and Myron, my students, they're in DFW. That's their main business model is just helping people find buyers and help them close their sellers. Yeah, or Marcus Taylor says, or you can be the buyer. So for me, a lot of times I will just be the buyer. But listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. Okay. If I'm going to find the buyer, as a fix and flipper or maybe a buying holder, I deserve to get paid on finding that buyer. Do we agree? Do we agree that I should get paid to find that buyer? Doesn't matter if that buyer is also me. Interesting thought. Is it not? So let's say Danny says, well, I'm looking to, you know, let's assign this thing for 20 grand and then we'll split the, the will split it. I'll go, no problem. You make 10 grand? I'll make 10 grand. What I just got was a $10,000 discount on that deal. Does that make sense? Okay. Gosh, damn, I could just sit here and come up with all the business strategy all day long. You just be here 25 hours a day. All right. Cool. So the time has come for me to chat with you guys and ask you answer some questions. Is this been a little bit of good training for you guys to kind of filter out and help you out? This is, this is why I can't just jump into the next strategy. Like we got to do multiple things of training and this is also why it's important for us to show up and be on time and I can't tell you know how many people showed up an hour late to this by the way. Hundreds, hundreds of people showed up. Heather Witzig, what up? What's up, Hayes? How are you? I'm good. What do you got for me today? So I've got a couple of questions. I'm kind of working with a couple individuals here in Gator and we're trying to JV on some deals and one where I'm one where I'm doing the outreach and use it and one where I'm actually using a little bit of my money and they're doing the outreach. So I was just wondering what paperwork we have to do between us as a sort of the JV between us to do that. Do you have a? I will give you I will give you a JV agreement today. That's a great question. I have a JV agreement. Um let me call Molly. Let's call my girl. She's the best. I love her. You got to love a girl you can call on Sunday at 8 30 in the morning. I know. She's going to be like oh my gosh this guy just never ends. You imagine working for me? I mean she loves it. So hey, I have 725 people on Gator training this morning and I need a copy of our JV agreement for lending stuff. Oh yeah, I just sent it to somebody yesterday so I'll just forward you the email. Okay, thank you. You don't have you don't have it in the drop box? I don't know. Okay, I'll just forward you the email that I sent to Anthony. What are you and that handsome guy doing this morning? We're going to the river. You are? Yeah, you guys should come with us. I don't look good in a bikini. I'm sure he does though. Oh my gosh shut up. All right, well I'll send you the email right now. Okay, later. Okay, bye. There was that one different. It's got some lender information in it than the typical. Yeah, I have a she that one specifically built for this. It's part of the files that we built for this. So she'll forward it over in just a second. What else you got for me? Awesome. Okay, well you kind of went into how you recommend to bet potential wholesalers outside of sub two. Is there anything else besides obviously just getting the original contract if there is one, the checking the address, the if it's in BFB and kind of looking into the specifics on that. Is there anything else there? What is the exit strategy? You need to understand the exit strategy in the timeline is super critical because what will happen is you'll get people like I've got a deal right now, Heather, where I am. So it's not just about money, right guys? What else? What else can I bring to a transaction that people we haven't even jumped into and talked about quite yet? But what else can I do in a transaction? Transaction coordination. You can do transaction coordination. Yes, what else can I do? Helping them comp and underrated. Yeah, what else can I do? Hmm. You're missing some big ones. This though. Yeah, find the buyer. No, no, no, no. I can sponsor their fix and flip-lone. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't even have to bring any money to the table. I've got a deal right now in Colorado that I will probably personally make 90 grand on literally just sponsoring a loan for somebody. Okay. Okay. BFE means butt, freak Egypt. It's an old school term that a lot of people learned. Apparently they don't talk about it in Maryland, Baltimore, Maryland area, but we do all over the country except it's because you guys are in BFE. Okay. Okay. So I'm so those types of things happen all the time, Heather, right? So I understand the exit strategies and they go, we're trying to do a fix and flip, but we can't get a proof for a loan because we're inexperienced or we have something going on or whatever it is, right? So a sponsorship. That honestly, my main strategy right now, I'm actually staying out of you guys's way on the earnest money stuff because if I just talked about earnest money stuff, I would dominate you guys because I just have a louder megaphone. What I'm doing is I'm sponsoring people's loans. Okay. So what I'm doing is I'm actually doing two things. I'm sponsoring fixed and flip loans and what am I getting? I'm getting between 30 and 50% of the net profit on their fixed and flip for me sponsoring the loan. Okay. Robert Hardin, you guys act like this is the first time I've talked about this. You know, this is Gator lending 5.0, right? We did talk about this in number one and two and three and four. Okay. He just loved the spread. Love it. Christopher Crescentson says, forgive me. I feel bad now because now people are having to pad their questions with, please forgive me. Please forgive me. This is not how sub-tewes. It's like I'm very, very, very patient, but I'm just what I'm trying to do guys. It's very different. Okay. It's because I'm trying to progress the conversation forward. And in sub two, what happens a lot is I'll just do a lot of general Q&A and I don't care what question comes at me and there's no linear chronological way. I'm trying to move the needle. In Gator lending, I actually am trying to move forward in the progression of training. I don't want to be in six months telling you guys what escrow and wholesale is. You know what I'm saying? So like I have to unfortunately be a little bit more of a totalitarian and crack the whip on you because I have to train your mind to go holy crap. He's already talked about this because everybody else in here is waiting for me to progress forward. Everybody say yes that wants me to progress forward. And everybody say yes that doesn't like it when somebody asks a question that was answered two times last week or three times last week unless there's just additional clarity that needs to be added, right? Okay. So it's not that I'm trying to be an it's that I'm trying to provide value and I have to be in order to deliver value on top of value on top of value over the course of a planned year. However, I believe PCS is saying the opposite. I'm referring to when you said to register the bank account of the address and the filing PCS says not to do this. Okay, Christopher, very un not even closely related to the topic at hand, but let's talk about it. Christopher, what's the question? I'm sorry, brother. It's like shit. I don't want to be yelled at. I promise I won't yell at you. Just unmute. Let's have the conversation real quick. Hi, can you hear me? I can hear you great. How you doing? Um, yes. I understand what you're saying about this is now what you were talking about. I just was putting a question in there. And anyways, you said to register a bank account at the address on the filing, but PCS on their website says not to do that. They say to do it at your place of business or your home address. Can I can I give you a I'm going to give you some general advice. Okay, give you I'm going to give you some life advice. Okay. And I love PCS. So I don't I take that back as more of a joke. Okay. Um, let me let me tell you guys something. Okay. Christopher, have you ever driven up to a red light and it tells you you're and you're going to turn right right and the red light, there's a sign underneath that says no right on red. Believe me, I I'm a challenge authority at every turn. Okay, got it. But let's just go through this. Have you ever seen that? Yes. Okay, I'm I'm not talking to you. I'm talking through you to everybody else. Okay. All right. You've you've been there, right? You've been to that red that red light and you're like, what the hell? I can see clearly to my left. I know there's nobody coming. I'm just going to turn right. This is stupid, right? Yes. But why did they put that sign there? It could be a bunch of different reasons. There's only one there's only one reason. Uh, people are stupid. That's why. Okay. And because the general public is dumb, we as a society have to make general rules that fit the box because people are generally stupid. Okay. So what happens when you're trying to build a business and you put things on a website that guide people, you give them the safest, most general answer that will fit most people's box. Does that make sense? Yes. I don't remember the last time I got an answer from anybody's website on anything in my life. And why is that? It's because I'm seeking higher learning. So I can tell you, PCS is not wrong. It's just that they are wrong for my specific strategy of total anonymity. Okay. So my place of business, I don't want people mailing things to me. I don't want people knowing where my office is. If somebody files a lawsuit against me, I want it to have to go to a PO box and that file, that lawsuit go, what the crap? Where's this place of business? Right? So for me, there's two addresses that I actually utilize on everything I do. Okay. Two addresses, even on my driver's license. Okay. You guys haven't gone through my corporate training. I'm sure I have a whole corporate training for all my sub two students, but my address on my driver's license, which you can't see right now. But the address is actually a PO box. Same here. Okay. Cool. So if somebody like I go get an AT&T contract for my cell phone, am I putting my place of business there or am I putting my PO box? PO box. Even my personal address when people, I have people go, pace, I want to thank you for something you did for me. Can I get your home address? What am I sending them? Your PO box. My mom says, pace, I want to drop off cookies to you. Can I get your home address? What do I give her? Your home address. My PO box. In nowhere shape or form, should you ever put your place of business on anything you do? Anything you do. And the reason for that is not that your, most people don't have assets like I have or assets like you are going to have Christopher or currently have. Right. The general population owns their own personal home. Right. And the general population's place of business is actually their personal home. And so what's happening is this is a no right on red situation that prime corporate services is not wrong. They just simply are not there. There's no way that they can go through and explain because here's what happens. A confused mind says no. Right. You've ever heard that phrase before? Yes. So let's say you're a client, you're your PCS and your, your job is to get more fish, right? Catch more fish for your business. The more confusing your website is or the answers you give are you will actually attract less customers. People want to just be told what to do, right? But if you go, well, it depends. Right. If that's your answer to everything is it depends and let's go into more detail on our website. Guess what happens to that client? They take off. They take off. So if you're a business professional, wouldn't you give an absolute general answer on the website? And that's why it's good to have a relationship with your rep. Yes. Okay. That's why I like PCS because I used Anderson business advisors. And while I did make a joke about two people, PCS and my wife, those were, or my, my mom, both of those were jokes. But Anderson business advisors can literally, we have had so many people go to them and sign up for their services and you can't even get a hold of them, right? Whereas you guys at prime, they'll email you, they'll call you, they'll get back to you within at least 24 hours, maybe even way, way, way less, right? So that's what I enjoy about them is that you can actually get a rep. Now, if you're going for anonymity, Christopher, that's, I think that's the main goal, right? Yes. Okay. So here's what I would do. I do, we only have two addresses that we share. First and foremost is our P.O. Box, which is not technically a P.O. Box. It's actually a UPS store and I have a physical address that's a business address. And I just so happen to have a sweet number in that business address, right? So it's not an actual P.O. Box. But I say P.O. Box because again, it's the no right on red situation is that when I say P.O. Box or post a UPS store, then it actually confuses the masses that I'm talking to and they go, wait, why did you choose UPS? And then I'm like, really, are we really, you're really going to make me go down to 40 minute story extravaganza to explain to you why I'm using UPS. So in a general way, I'll just say P.O. Box, even though is that funny that you're asking this question and I even use generalities to answer the general public, that's a generality. I don't actually have a P.O. Box and I don't think you actually use a P.O. Box either. Do you, Christopher? No, I use a street address that's to a third party. There you go. So you said P.O. Box because that was a general way of saying what we needed to say in a very short time frame, right? Yeah, P.O. Box, you're only going to find in a post office. Right. So I shouldn't use P.O. Box but the reality is most people know what a P.O. Box is, right? So it makes the conversation easier and it's the same thing that PCS did on their website. I think how do we make this as easy for the general public as possible without giving them too many options? Because if you give people too many options, the only people that like too many options are people that enjoy buffets. Okay. Ironically, I really like buffets. Okay. So the other address that I use is what? What's the other address I use? I'm not sure. My registered agent. Oh. Okay. So those are the, so if they go, well, no, you know, this is a P.O. Box which I've never had but let's say hypothetically did that go, well, here you go. Here's my registered agent address. I have a question for that. So that, so when you're getting your corporate card set up and things like that, you want to probably put your P.O. Box, you get your P.O. Box or whatever it is because you want to get the cards, correct? Yeah. Here's what happens a lot of times unless you pay a really big fee. I have my registered agent will send, if that says PCS says no. So if that tell PCS to come and watch this zoom because they don't know that that individual rep is talking to the general masses. So it doesn't mean they're wrong. It just means that the general masses for the most part should just use something simple. But people that are real estate investors and people that are lenders that want to hide their assets and their money, just you need to use your UPS store. I have had the same exact, I have had the exact same UPS store for 13, 14 years. It's great because no matter where I move, Crystal says I'm so confused. Chloe says I have a we work address. Okay, so Heather, let's answer your question. I'll get I'll say something to Crystal. So yes, I have it like I have an ecom store. Okay, I never talk about it because I, you know, they're whatever. But I have an ecom store and when you first set it up, it took so many months to do it. And then I found out my team set up it up underneath the registered agent address and they reject all my mail. And I'm like, what are you do? Why? What? And so I had to restart my whole ecom business and started all over because I my team put the wrong address. So 99.9% of the time, I use my UPS store as my address because I don't even want to be here's the thing is like it's such a pain in the butt. I would rather have in 20 years. Okay, so what I did is I show I'll show you. I'll show you what I what I did. Maybe this will give you guys some logic of why I did it. Christopher, Christopher, you work at a call center. Here's my PO box. If you guys want to send me, you guys want to send me nothing. See 70 53 17 53 East Broadway road, Tempe, Arizona. Oh, here we go. So it's right here. My UPS store is right here on the corner. I'm sorry about that pace. I'm in a hotel room. I'm being exactly. Oh, I got it. No problem. So you see, see here's my UPS store. This is the I've been going to this UPS store and sometimes I go across the street and I use this bathroom right here and I go get my daughter a hot dog because Ted's hot dogs have been around for like 80 years. It's bombed. Okay. So this is my UPS store. This is where all my mail everything goes. If I get a speeding ticket on one of those things, it goes right here. In fact, I'll show you my box. My box is right behind this little popsicle thing and it's been there for 13 years. And over the last 13 years, how many times have I moved? How many times have I got new offices, all that kind of stuff? So why do I choose why did I choose that location? Is it necessarily close to my house? No, it actually is not that close to my house, but it's central to the valley. So let's pull this up and let's get back to. Okay, so here's the valley. This is actually not in the right format, but whatever. It changes up a little bit. So here's the here's the valley of Phoenix. Okay. Turn it off. So I know this seems silly, but I promise you guys there's 15 people on here that are going to enjoy me telling them this. Okay. So please be patient with me while I do this. So here we go. I live over here somewhere in here, right by this airport. I live right over here in Mesa. Okay. So I'm over here. I lived over here a couple years ago. I lived down here a couple years ago. I lived right here a couple years ago. I enjoy the east valley because this is where I'm Mormon and I like hanging with Mormons. They're dope. Okay. A lot of Mormons live out here. A lot of families live out here. So I like living here, but most of my businesses won't my current business right now. We have one office here all the way right. Let's see. It's right here. This office building right here behind Starbucks. This is my office building. Okay. So still kind of east valley, but guess what? No male goes to that address. I don't want speeding tickets and people showing up to my office. I don't want people to know where my office is just randomly. Okay. So I chose this location, which is all over here by Ted's hot dogs, not because I like hot dogs, even though I do, but because it's central to the entire valley, a lot of our fix and flips. For some reason, we get most of our fix and flips of west valley. Okay. So we're constantly driving all over the place. I also the sub two office is right here. This big office right here is in the same building as Keighley. Okay. We're across the hallway from them. Okay. So I'm in I have that office. Again, my P.O. Box is right here. My house is here. My office is here. My other office is here. And then my other office that I own is right here. Okay. And then Brent Daniels studio is right here for wholesale hotline. Jamil lives over here. I filmed the TV show all over the place. So Tempe is literally the pinch point between everything for me. And I knew that a long time ago. So I said, I'm going to get a UPS store when I start to figure out anonymity. I chose a UPS store that was centrally located to the whole entire valley. Okay. That's where everything goes. Every business I own is all the same exact location. Go ahead, Heather. Order distances between anything you'd need it, you know, to get there. Yeah. And there's, you know, we get like the other thing is if I'm out of town and I need somebody to like have a I need a shipment made or whatever. It's kind of nice to have a UPS store. They sign off on all my packages. They keep it in an air condition location. If I'm gone for a week or whatever else. And so I don't have to worry about deliveries not making it to my house. Right. So there's a lot of advantages there. The other the biggest advantage in how I figure this out is I get a speeding ticket on the freeway because I get the photo radar. Okay. I have the photo radar and I get this ticket. And this is like maybe 14 years ago. And I go to the driver, the class, the safety school because I actually responded to the letter like a dumbass. So I respond to the letter. I go to the class because I'm like, let me see. And I'm sitting there and I'm talking to this guy in the class. I was like, I felt like this was a criminal mastermind. It was the best. And this guy comes me. He's like, Hey, I just figured something out. My attorney told me that I should never reply to these photo radar tickets. I should just put a UPS store as my main address. And I was like, how does that solve the problem? And he says, because the way the law is written with those photo radar tickets is that the constitution states that you have the right to face your accuser. Which means that when a police officer hands you a ticket, you faced your accuser. They saw you. They spoke to you. They were there. And you have your, you have the right to face your accuser, which in that moment you did, which then you also have your time in court if you want to with a photo rate hold on. I got a mute Christopher because he's just one last thing. If you could make sure you answer my last question. I had two questions. Okay. So this attorney that's speaking to the guy next to me said it wasn't my attorney. It was speaking to me. He goes, you need to get a UPS store in your address because what happens is when you get a ticket in the mail, what happens if you don't, if it goes to UPS store, what they will sometimes do is after six months that ticket falls off your record never, never even makes it on your record because technically you never reply to it. I was like, Oh crap. There's no way this is possible. So I read about it on Reddit and other places like Holy crap. This is real. And so for 13 years, I speed on the freeway, not crazy, but 10 miles an hour of this speed limit or I'll drive through towns and I'll like, Oh, photo radar thing. And people go slow down, slow down, photo radar. And then I hit the gas. And then a lot of times I'll put my finger up like this. So when the photo radar actually hits my PO box, my wife, and you guys watch my stories, my wife will actually see me going like this as I'm going through the photo radar because it means nothing to me because they don't actually send a letter to my place of residence. There's, I don't have to reply. It goes away. Now, why is that beneficial? It's because if they serve me, they're not serving me. They're serving my UPS store and the UPS store turns them away. It's only happened twice in 13 years where somebody actually came in to serve me for a speeding ticket. I'm sorry. This is not a place of residence and they never happened. Nothing comes from it. So then I started researching and figuring out other anonymity strategies and I started emulating or putting them into my life. And then I realized, wow, I really like this. Nobody calls me and nobody doorks me. Nobody's coming for census bureau. Nobody knows anything about me. They don't know where I live. This is great. And I started talking to attorneys and attorneys. And then I came up with, and this is why in my corporate structure theories, my corporate structure series, I set up an entire six part zoom where I told you guys how I've structured my whole entire corporate structure based on a calls with attorneys and everything else. And one of those calls in there was all about the UPS store. So the question hopefully has been answered of which address do I use on my place of business? Does that answer your question, Heather? Yeah. And I actually, since I'm a nomad, I found a place that's kind of like that, but they are just in a random place and they can photocopy things for you. They can send things if you want it. It's really nice for people who move around a lot. Yeah. And there's companies out there for people that are like do e-bay stores kind of like, you know, they're living all over the country and they're like, I, when things come to me, they go there first. And then when I want to ship things, I ship things there first. There's so many amazing things that people don't even know exist. But that's, that's cool that you figured that out. But other people have no clue that that even exists. But guys, I'm going to tell you, don't ever put your personal address on anything. And I don't even have my business, my actual business, I have three offices and not one of those addresses is on any of my LLCs. It's not on anything personal. It's not on cell phone contracts when I apply for a loan, everything, everything, everything, everything, everything, everything has my UPS store on it. In fact, I have a hard time remembering my personal address. People go, hey, what's your address? I'm coming over. I'm like, 1753 East broad. Well, no, no, it's not that. And my wife's like, you've lived here a year. I'm like, yeah, but I don't ever think about this. Right. I have to go and there's been this was like six months into living here. I was like Google imaging and going to my house and dropping a pin and go, oh, that's my address. That's how unfamiliar with my address I am. Okay. Christopher, your microphone was all over the place. So I'm going to unmute you one more time. Christopher, what was your second question? And the second question was, what is the best title to be using at least for business cards or whatever? Would that be transaction coordinator or something else? In the year of 2022, the only business card you need is Instagram. But if you really want me to answer that question because maybe business, maybe business cards are like you go into like a ria in Phoenix and like some of those people are, you know, got ear hair. They haven't shaved their neck for a long time and they're sure it hasn't been ironed in 15 years. Those people sometimes enjoy cards. And even when some of you the other day hands me a business card, I go, oh, no, no, I will lose that. So guys, that's kind of the way that the world has gone. So like my real answer is and don't have a business card. But if you really want a business card, what I would tell you is I would say owner. That's it owner or principal. One of those things, it doesn't, it doesn't need to be anything like a laboratory. Just say owner. You don't need to be like, I had one guy, I got a card from like a year ago, it said entrepreneur forward slash philanthropist. I was like, bro, please, it's like telling people you're a mindset coach. Like, you know, I'm saying, but you, but you are still broke. Like don't do that. So just owner, just owner or principal. That's it. Keep it very basic. And I would just say, you know, Christopher lending owner. That's it. Just keep it really, really simple. Okay. But some people are really successful business cards. I think the main thing that I would do Christopher is I would get a QR code or something on the back of your business card. So people could actually get your phone. Like you hold out your business card and you go, Hey, if you don't want my business card here, just pull out your phone. And then that QR code will feed all the contact information right into their phone of who you are. You know what I'm saying? I understand. Yeah, that's the way to do it. There's other people saying pop-ball is an app of OVO. I don't use them or blink BLI and Q. Those are, I don't use those because I just tell people like, Hey, pull it open your phone. But I see other people using them. And I see that they're super valuable. Okay, Heather, sorry. Was that helpful? Guys, tell Christopher. Thank you for deviating the conversation because I kind of thought everybody knew that a lot of my students know that because I do a whole corporate structure zoom. It's not one zoom. I literally have 14 hours of corporate structuring that I did for the sub two students. All the meandering is good. I think you've got to pull something out of everything. Yeah. You know what I mean? Everything. So what other questions you have, Heather? I'll make it quick. Since you know I'm out there trying to breach it. I am just wondering, I know you're going to get to it probably in a few weeks, I think you said, but what is the fee structure? What you can tell me for doing like a double close or something like that for just a, you know, smaller amount like 50, you know, 40, 50,000. If it's like, okay, so let's talk about your advantage, right? Because you got to understand your advantage and what you bring to the table. So if I go out and I need transactional lending, sometimes you'll find trend, there's big transactional lenders out there, very large transactional lenders out there that are doing anything on over $100,000. They're going to charge anywhere between one to four points. Okay, one to four points for like literally 48 hours. That's it. They'll fund one to four points for 48 hours and that depends on their business and who they are and whatever else. And people that are like one point are just trying to get into the business. And then as they get more established and more business and all this stuff, they raise their prices. The people that are at one point, they get you with like dock fees and all sorts of things. So it ends up being like two and a half points regardless of how you look at it. So I would say a minimum of two and a half to four points on that. Okay, so that's for people that have larger amounts of money. And guess what happens? Transactional lenders don't want to waste their time on somebody at $50,000 or below. So there's a unique advantage for people like us doing smaller loans because no hard money lender wants to waste their time. Okay, do you guys want me to do a whole corporate structure zoom? So we stop having these conversations on the side chat about how things are supposed to be set up. That's happening next week, right? Next week or the week after? With the PCS. Yeah. The thing is I set up my business and then I went to PCS and I said this is the way I do it. And then aren't my students when they're when you're a sub two student, they try and set up your businesses close to my structure as possible. But not everybody, Sherry, not everybody has access to those sub two zooms. Okay. I got my setup the way you do it now. Because you're a gangster trying to read. Okay, so here's here's again the thing. Okay, Heather, is if you start, there's a couple of philosophical questions here. If you start marketing a fee outwardly, what you do is you hinder your ability to connect with the human because what they do is that there are people, not me, I will literally never go to somebody's website to find out information. Literally never. I will never do that. And why? Because I enjoy the conversation with people in building the relationship and vibing who the people I am doing business with. I'm not going, you know what? I really want to vibe with people I'm doing business with. Let's really get on the call and it's like a check box in my mind. I just enjoy doing it. So I look at the phone and go, that's just call the person right now. It's just a habit, right? So here's what happens when you advertise your fee structure. People don't call you. They're going to look at your shit, but they're not going to call you. Yeah, I don't want to, I don't want to advertise it. I just kind of wanted to know what baseline is so I don't get in a situation where I'm asking 500 on a $1,000 EMD. Yeah, don't yeah, like you did last time. So on a $50,000 deal, what here's, here's why I don't want to advertise it's because you also remember one of the rules is you need to understand the exit strategy, right? And you go, well, okay, well, what does the deal look like? What are you guys doing? Why are you doing it? Okay, great. Yeah, this sounds like something I would lend on. What makes sense for you to pay? This is what I ask. I always ask, well, what makes sense? So you'll see in a lot of my examples, okay? When will we, when will we cover marketing? Gator, you guys, I should have just built this whole training out and given you guys just six weeks of training. So you guys could just learn on your own pace and not done this live. You know what I'm saying? That's what I should have done. It's like, are we there yet? Are we there yet? Dad, are we there yet? I know we're going to Disneyland. I know it's a six hour drive, but are we there yet? Okay, so what I do, Heather, is I get on the phone or message them and I ask them the question, what, well, what do you feel like is worth it for me to lend money to you? And I get them to tell me. And then it's the same strategy of negotiating with sellers is that I never want to be in a position where they have the ability to say no. The person in control of the conversation is the person who has the ability to say no. So what I want to do is always set myself up for the ability to say no, which means what makes sense for you? And then they have to, they, I don't know, what's your typical fee structure? And you go, well, it's, it depends on the, the risk, the person and their experience. It is, it depends so wildly that I don't have a fee structure. And so they go, okay, well, I don't know, how about five grand? You go, okay, well, how about seven? Or you go, well, typically for something like this, I would charge 10, okay? I would typically charge 10, but how about we do seven? Right? I don't do it based on points and they go, do you have a percentage? I know it's per deal. It's per deal basis. And I look at the deal and I go, all right, how do I make money on this? How do I make a chunk? Right? And so like, even that girl in Florida, I think she might even emailed me. Let's, no, dang it. She didn't. I got the JV agreement. I think it might be in the Dropbox folder, but let me just double check. So how there, I don't do that. But tip, tip of, for me, understanding that other lenders are charging four points at least, I don't, I 50 grand for two grand doesn't make sense for me. I wouldn't do that. Yeah. And so that, for me, that's the most baseline number. I wouldn't charge anything less than another larger lender with charge. In fact, I probably would charge eight, I would probably charge eight to 10 points on that deal minimum. So if I lend somebody 50 grand for a double close, I expect to get five grand back minimum is what I would do. I would say 10% on my money minimum. Okay. Now depending on the deal, again, Heather, you're going to have to come in here a hundred times with me. It's going to take you a year for it. Heather, have you ever been formally educated? Yeah, I've been a little bit of college. And when you went to one class that taught you basically nothing, it took months to go to that stupid class, right? Yeah. So this is what's going to happen is this is a big long class. It's unfortunate, but you're going to have to come in here with all sorts of problems you're running a two. So I can answer them individually, right? But if somebody wants 50 grand for let's say 48 hours, I would be baseline five grand. And why? You want to know the real answer to this? Here's the real answer because my, my stomach tells me that sounds, that sounds good. That's it. But I would, what I would really want is I would be like, what are you making? If they're like, well, I'm making 50 grand, I'd be like, all right, well, let's make this 10 or 15. Yeah, because you know, there's a little bit more in there for you. Right. Okay. It's instinct. So as Rha says it correctly, it's instincts. Yeah. Okay. That's a good baseline. That's really helpful. Just. Yep. And then the other thing is too is like you have to navigate knowing when you're pushing too hard, right? Because I'll, you'll get a lot of, you'll get a lot of Gator lenders. I'm seeing them. They're losing business because they're like, I want half of your deal. As you greedy, so be like, you don't need to kill your deals by being greedy, right? So for me, you have to be, you have to understand the exit strategy. And when I said that last week about understanding the exit strategy, it's because that's part of the negotiation. Okay. And also, so Tina says, I was asked to lend $66,000 for 15 grand in 35 days. I would do that deal. All day long. I mean, what is that? That's 25% think about this. That's 25% in one month. So annualize that's 300% return on your money. What if that's in BFE, Florida with a mobile home? If it's BFE, Florida, I would get on the phone and go, who are you? What's your experience level? What were your last three projects like what's going on? And I would actually figure out whether that's a good deal for me, right? There's seats. Yeah. There you go. But yeah, I would do that deal if you don't want to do a send it to me. Okay. These are Gator loans guys. These are great, these are great questions. Okay. So how they're a great question. Anything else for you? That's it. Thank you. Thanks for getting into that and getting the JV agreement and everything. Looking forward to using that to speak. Yes. Here, let me throw it in the side chat because I can't actually do this. Oh my gosh. Please. Guys, here's what happens. Can I? I can't show you this. Well, here's what happens when you guys send me direct messages. What happens is then when I want to type to the chat, which like here, think about this, I'm performing, right? I'm talking literally the whole time and I'm telling stories and I'm moving the conversation and reading the chat and I'm juggling all these balls. I'm trying to deliver value. And then I want to quickly go over to chat and type something really quick, but I can't because somebody has private message me recently and now my whole chat is set up to only reply to that one person. Does that make sense? Can you guys please never in your life send me a private message? Please. I appreciate you. There's the there's the JV agreement right there. Awesome. I know I was talking to a lot of gators this past couple weeks and a lot of us were talking about that. So I know that that's helpful for many of us. Whatever you need, Heather, I consider you a leader. I know you're newer, but I consider you a leader. Somebody who is value-driven. If you need a specific document or you're not happy with something, please reach out to Molly and you and Molly have a relationship. Have her change something, update it, whatever. Kelly says, where is it guys? Where is the document that I just put in there? Sit chat. I almost need you guys to write on a blackboard with chalk. I will not send paste a private message. I will not send paste a private message. I will not send. There you go. Thank you, Heather. You're awesome. Thank you. Y'all sir, what up? How you doing? Good morning, brother. How you doing? I'm really good. Man, so much value today. You got us cracking up today, man. So thank you for that. I definitely need you down to something morning. Heather asked one of the questions I had. Thank you for the JV agreement on that. I'm working with other Gator lenders that reached out. Did a lot of outreach to other Gator lenders and other wholesalers as well. I have four on the table this week. Just this week alone. One of the questions I think I asked you last week, and he told me to just bring it. I think I got an answer for it already, but was the exit strategy for buy and hold? How does that work with Gator lending? If it's a wholesale, then we know how we're going to secure our money. But if it's a buy and hold, how does that work? That's not a Gator loan. That's not. That's private money lending. Okay. Very different. All right. So if they're doing let's say the Bourbon method, you know, now, okay. So morbid methods different, right? Because morbid method. And this is a challenge because there's a lot of knuckleheads in here that never joined sub two straight up knuckleheads. You guys think I provide value in here? You have no clue if you're not a sub two student. Oh my gosh. I'm not going to teach creative finance in here to people. Unfortunately, but so I got to be I got to be quick about this. I'm very sorry, but Yossler obviously understands the morbid method. So on the morbid method, that is transactional lending because what you're doing is you're just lending on the down payment quickly, right? So that's a different strategy than like a burr strategy. So if it's a morbid method, the transactional lenders are actually getting their money back through the salary funding that down payment, right? So that means that you would get your money back and that would not be tying up your money long term. So my the differentiator for gator lending versus private money lending is the length of time that your money is outstanding. But in a morbid method, which is more gator lending, in fact, 100% gator lending. There are actually two possible ways to make money there, okay? Where are the two possible ways to make money? Actually, there's three possible ways to make money, okay? Number one, I can sponsor the loan. Right now, I'm sponsoring the loan on a morbid method. You can make you can right now, I've got a morbid method. I'm getting 30% equity on the morbid method because I sponsored the loan. That's pretty cool, right? The next thing that I can make money on is if I decide to lend the down payment and then get that refunded, I can make a transactional fee or, yeah, sir, if you're a good negotiator, you can actually ask for a portion of equity. Now, there is a point where people will go, dude, you want a fee and equity? What the freak, man, like there will be a point of negotiating and pushing too hard, okay? Again, this is the challenging part for most people that have not been in business as they don't know what it feels like to negotiate. So they're like, pace, please just tell me what to put on my website of what I'm charging and how I'm charging. It's not going to happen, guys. You got to look at the deals. This is why this is going to be a long-term training for you guys, okay? So then the third way to make money is y'all, sir, you could assign that deal and go, hey, let me be your transactional lender temporarily. Once this thing's done, we can assign this to an end buyer. I'll help you find the end buyer. So there's three possible ways to make money on that deal, all of which are gator lending, one, bringing resource as a sponsor, two, bringing resources as a transactional lender, and three, bringing the resources, finding the buyer. All right. Which one are you providing to the table? I'm actually providing, so one of them, that one I told you about, that message you about, that was actually in Texas. So that one is, you know, that was last week and it's not going to work out because of the Texas rules and stuff with the seller. But the original plan was to get a buyer in place. So that was where we were going with that. But it's that one is a dead deal, unfortunately. Okay. No problem. I mean, this is, I'm going to tell you guys, this is what's going to happen. Is that this is a new industry that I've created. I've created a new industry for people. Okay. All right. So y'all, sir, what else you got for me, brother? So like I brother, it was just one question. Thank you for for all the value you bring, man. I appreciate you. Okay. So the challenge, the challenge, why I can't leave it is because I stress out when I can't move forward. I don't want to leave people behind. I genuinely care so much that I don't want to leave people behind. That's the main reason I care. So I am stressing out. And so when you guys can't figure it out, I, it's like, I got to fly to your hometown. I got to knock on your door. I got to make your bed for you. Remind you that it's smart to brush your teeth twice a day. Let me talk to somebody that I adore. She, she could probably call me down. Hi, Fee. How you doing? Hi, face. It's like my favorite, it's like my favorite English teacher of all time. Mrs. Greenwell. I just, I loved her so much. And she had a way of just making me feel better. So thank you, Fee. How you doing? What, what do you got going on? I'm fine. Before I start, I just want to say, I think it's going to get a lot easier after June 1st. And as more people understand that if you really want to do this right, join sub two. I had come across you, you know, on on Klingkoom's Zoom. So he's done some good. I imagine. I like Clint. I know, I know, I know, but I'm just saying, I joined sub two, I joined Gatorland in because I saw a lot of value. And then I started, as I watched you more, is that no, I'm not getting the full tutelage that I want. So I went to sub two and you guys just do it. We're making this man's life miserable while he's trying to make us rich because you know, you're only getting like, you just got to go do it. Period. You know, you know, how many hours was I in Zoom with Student Justice? I think 11 total hours. And I never once had a single challenge with anything like this. No, no. And if I can do it, you can do it. So don't, don't give me any of this. It's ridiculous, but it does make me laugh, but not at your expense. It makes me sad when I see it set your expense. I can, I have a way of turning my agony into comedy, like temporarily, but then after like two hours of it, I go, oh my gosh, I think I'm going to lose my mind. I believe you. Well, let me tell you a little bit about my situation. I had thought that I will not start right away. I mean, obviously, I am setting up my entities. I've got three entities. And I am about to go down to the States. I'm still in Vancouver, but I'm going to be down in another two weeks. And I anticipated opening some local bank accounts and just a side note. On the bank accounts, do you also use your UPS address? Yeah. Thank you. Genius. Genius. Thank you. Anyhow, so I'll be setting up my corporate bank accounts in one bank for all three of my entities. I've decided to start three entities. And then in another bank, I'll start my private ones to build my own private credit because, you know, I'm a dual citizen, but my credit is an issue because it's stale. I've been up here for 13 years. So my score really sucks. It's like six, eight, five or something stupid. Anyways, that's pretty good. Yeah. In other words, they give it to you for being alive. Is that is that real? Yeah, that's real, but it's terrible. I think mine's like a seven 80s. Is that like the best or what's the best? I think you could do a little bit better, but not bad. Anyhow, and credit, this really matter if you're using it correctly and getting what can you, but let me talk about what happened with me in this particular situation. Before you do that, let me give you guys one hack real quick, based on what Effie just said. So when you set, you're going to, because I want to hear Effie's story because she's a sweetheart. So you go to the bank, okay? You set up your address is your UPS store. Okay. It's like I pay, I think the average UPS store is like $35 a quarter. So it's like $150 a year, right? Something like that. And I pay an extra $15 a month. I know this is crazy. Most people are not going to splurge for this, but I pay $15 extra per month and they filter through my mail for me. And they, so like I get no junk mail, I get no advertisements, I, get none of that stuff. None of it. So when I, I feel like I have like a full time employee, I feel like VIP experience, I walk into the UPS store and they all know my name. And I walk in and my mailbox is organized for me. They love, I, this is like, they go through my stuff. It's like they know me. I feel like it's like cheers, the cheers bar, but for a UPS store, it's like everybody knows my name. So it's nice for like an, like 40 bucks a month for somebody to care about you. It's pretty dope. And so I don't ever look at junk mail. There's no magazines that come to us. No political stuff comes to us. No, no nothing, right? And the, the thing that made me think about this is that I actually had to go in there, been going there for 13 years. My bank, who sends mail there, you know, they send like your online statements and this, that and the other and like, even though you tell them to stop doing it and do it digital, they still have things that they're sending you and advertisements and things like that. Bank of America, we have, I don't even know how many accounts, right? Bank of America and Chase. I probably get 40, 50 letters a month from Bank of America and Chase, but guess what? I don't ever see them because my UPS store filters through them and gets rid of all of them. So George Greenfell said, I get nothing but junk mail guys haven't looked at junk mail in 13 years. So that's a cool little hack for you. Like these little benefits. So FEM, sorry, I've cut you off, but I want to make sure. No, no, it's well worth it. I want the IRS to know where I don't live. Yeah, yeah. So when people started contacting me about Gatorlending and I've been explaining, I'm sorry, I'm not in the States yet and I'm not set up yet. And basically, I started saying no, and then I thought, well, wait a minute, this is stupid. I should get you to why are you saying no? What's the logic behind that? Well, I'm not funded yet. I don't have any accounts, anything set up yet, other than the other than the entities. Okay, so I would have to send the money. I could send the money from my international wise account, which I hold currency and I hold five or six different currencies in there. But I just felt I should wait till at least I get my feed on the ground and get a little bit more learning. I wanted to get under a bit more under my belt. Okay, but then I realized I was turning away future business. So I started to. Gosh, that's such a great principle to understand. Oh my gosh, that's so good. Right. Instead of just saying no, I'm not there yet. I'm explaining more a little bit and telling them, you know, about asking them what sort of things they're going into and spending more time. So I'm starting to build a portfolio of contacts. And I had, and I'm going to be meeting with some of them when I'm in the states. So I had one lady and she is a physician and she is looking to do a deal and she said, look, I think you're not doing this, but you know, I'd like to pass it by you and just see if you can help. And I said, yeah, okay, tell me about it, but you know, I can't. And she said, yeah, I still like to share it. It's a great. So she did. And then I walked away and I said, okay, F, you're making the same mistake again. This is stupid. Right up the deal and put it into into sub two and see if someone else can help her. There we go. There's my girl right there. She's now, F, he's using that brilliant brand of hers. Well, it's just, it's all about contacts and relationships. And I'm sorry that we are driving you a little bit, and that's at times because I can see, I mean, don't forget I was a teacher. There were some students I wanted to kill them, even though I loved them, you know, but I had instead to try to be as kind as I could until they finally got it. And I wanted to talk to you about the deal because it's not a gator deal per se. Yeah, let's do. But I wanted to know, you know, can can we kind of look at it? How is it possible to have possibly swayed it towards a gator deal? And I will not be turning away any more deals, you know, meaning that if I can't help them, and I said to her, look, I'm not looking to make any, when I realize that I contacted her in Sedana, I'm not looking to make any money, but I'll still charge you a thousand bucks just so I can say I've been paid to do something. If this comes, I said, but it really would be just as a freebie for our future business. And do you think she loves me? Of course. Yeah. So can I drop the deal into the chat box? Yeah, as long as there's no address attached to it. Um, there is an address. It's there. It's there. Um, pitch. So it does have the address, but I have asked her if I could share it with you. Because if anybody can do anything, it would be pace. Okay. Um, if I can get it in front of them, are you okay with that? And she's like, yeah. Okay, hold on. Let me send you a message real quick with my email. Your email? We're going to email? Yeah. Well, I just don't want the address to be out there. That's why. So I'm in the private chat. I'm going to give you my email address. Okay. Um, because I just, there's always outside, like inside of sub two, I share addresses all the time, but like outside of sub two, there's just always somebody that's stealing from us. And so it's unfortunate. Like we do a really good job filtering people that come into sub two. I get people are like, why did I get rejected? I joined sub two of Mike because my team found things about you and you're this that and the other and you're negative and you make these a little call statements online and that we don't need any of that stuff in our community. So did you send it to me? That's in your private chat. Uh, I'll send it to you again. Did you get it? Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. So I would pull it up and share with people, but it has the address on it. So I don't give me just a minute. So Indian subject property. Um, it's an Indian Wells, California, purchase price 720 rehab 225. That's a big one. ARV. Ooh. So a couple of things I look at was when somebody says my ARV is 1.2 to 1.4. That's a one, that's a what is that a 15% difference between what they think the ARB could be? That's a pretty big thing. So, um, here's what, here's what they're telling me. So let's go through this. I'll do a little, um, here's what they're saying. Okay. Um, and it looks like it's a fixing flip. Yes. In one of the best neighborhoods. Okay. So a fixing flip, changing it from a two, two bedroom to back to three bedroom to that. Okay. Great. Love it. All right. So, um, a couple of things I would look at. So they're, they've got a two bed, three bath. No, no, I'm sorry, two bed, two bath. And what they're going to do is they're going to turn it to a three bed two bath. So they're going to add a bedroom. That's great. Um, what they're going to be doing is, the purchase price is 720 rehab is 225. So anytime somebody tells you their rehab is 225, what does their rehab really? What is their real rehab? Well, they haven't broken down. Okay. And it's not their first flip. It's their second. Okay. So I'll tell you, I'll tell you my experience with flips, even with us. Okay. Um, I would say that the rehab here is probably closer to 325. I hate to say that, but that's the reality of the, the world we're in is that so many fix inflipers, even us, we are wrong on every single house. Okay. And we flip 50 houses a year, roughly 40 to 50. So if you're, if you're not going to make money if the renovations 325,000, then you got a problem. Okay. Cause they're going to go, it's going to go long to, and by the way, how many, this is what's funny too, is that you've got a rehab of what they're saying is our rehab is 426 months. Okay. But they want to be conservative. They don't want to get themselves into trouble. They already are getting themselves into trouble. But that's doesn't mean that's a problem. So if you are doing a 225,000 dollar remodel, I will tell you that that is a nine month project. Whoa. Okay. Why is that? It's because the, my gosh, my email just is just having a moment, isn't everybody, everybody, everybody is so great. Let me just quit that. All right. So the, the challenge with a 225 budget is that here's the KPI or the key performance indicator. Okay. The K, the key performance indicator that we are looking at the KPI is that typically about a $3,000 a day of construction can be done on a project. $1,000 a day. So that means you're going to go 225 days on a project like this minimum. Okay. So why, why is that? Well, that's the standard. I've done 7,000 plus renovations and that's the average of what ends up getting done. So if I, if I have a $10,000 renovation, Fee, how many days is a $10,000 renovation going to take? 10,000 days or 10 days, right? Boy. Yes. Yes. So 10 days. So why is that? It's like, okay, well, somebody's got to go and pull the trash out of the house that takes a day. Painters come in. That's three days. Right. Carpet guys come in. That's a day. Then somebody comes in does the hardware and the switches and that's a day, maybe two. And then the cleaners come in. That's a day. Right. And then there's blue tape, which is another day, maybe two days, right? Little things like that. Maybe landscape. So even if it's a $10,000 thing of like carpet paint, couple of ceiling fans, whatever, it's a 10 day project. Now people say, no, I can get it done in three days. Okay. So Craig Jones says, what was that formula? Guys, there is no formula. It was one thing. It's a $1,000 a day. Okay. And if somebody tells you they can do $10,000 a day in renovation, there will be days where they'll do a lot of renovation in one day. But then there will be three or four days where nobody's at the job site happens on every renovation. That's guys, don't overcomplicate everything in your life. Don't overcomplicate everything in your life. John, no offense, your question, but you're over complicating it. The budget is her budget, John, is $225,000. Is that only labor or is that also material or is it half what did what did we say or is it the total budget? It's the total budget. The total budget is $225,000. So that includes permits, dumpsters, that includes cleaners, materials, labor, everything, right? Everything, $225,000. That's their budget. Would they put on a would they go to and to Fee and go, Hey, Fee, we need $225,000 in material cost and then Fee not have the labor. No, they put it all together in the budget. The total budget, guys, are we on the same page here? Please. I totally get, I totally get the your brand new. I totally get that. But you over complicate everything. The budget is $225,000. Do we need to delineate every little part of that budget? Oh, well, how it pays, how much of that is the permit process and how much is that when the dumpster shows up? Guys, that's, we're simplifying it. Okay. Keep it simple. $225,000 is going to take $225 days. That's my industry expectation that I've learned over years and years and years of doing this. Okay. 7,000 plus renovations have shown me that $1,000 a day is about the average. So if somebody has a $15,000 budget, it's 15 days. If a $30,000 budget, that's 30 days. If you have a $100,000 budget, that's three and a half months. Okay. So when somebody comes to you and says, Hey, I can be done with a $225,000 renovation in four months. I think the only way they can do that is if they're parking a mobile home on the property that's worth $225,000, that would take four months. Because then you got permits. You got all sorts of stuff. So here's the thing. Do they already have permits? I'm not sure. I can't. So these are great questions. So if you're doing a $10,000 $1,000 renovation, Fee, typically you're not going to do, you're not going to need a permit, right? Because you're just doing carpet and paint. You don't need a permit for that kind of thing. Right. Right. Okay. But once you start adding can lights and you start switching out outlets and you start doing things with electrical and plumbing fixtures, then the city's going to start asking for permits. Okay. When you add an additional bedroom to a property, do you think it's important that we have a permit? Absolutely. Right. So being in Vancouver, that usually takes you a year and a half. It's ridiculous. What's going on with permits and Vancouver? Right. So let's ask that question. If I'm going to do a $225,000 remodel, chances are I'm doing electrical. I'm doing plumbing. I'm doing roofing. I'm doing all sorts of things, removing walls, adding a bedroom. So the question you want to ask in that situation is, have you guys completed your permits and they go, oh, no, we haven't. But we have a really great architect. Okay. So your architect knows magic words to say at the city that's backed up and everybody's working virtually now. You they won't even be able to start the renovation on this project for three months. So maybe the renovation, it does take six months, right? But they're going to be three months minimum to even get their permit. Maybe they've already started it. So if it's their second flip, this sounds like a very heavy second flip that I would be worried about. Okay. Does anybody experience agree with me or disagree with me? Kevin. Kevin just said, as an architect, believe me, the town is not easy to deal with. So a couple of things I, so I'm not saying this is not a deal. I'm just saying, let's work through and think about these questions because this is good practice for you. And I have the main thing that I love about what you said, Fee, is don't say no to opportunities just because you might not be set up. This is great practice. And then also you can go leverage other gators to bring the money to the table. The second thing I would say is if it's a $225,000 dollar renovation, I already know they're wrong. And I already know that this is wrong. So let's do the real number. So what was the purchase price 725, I believe? Yeah. Yes, 720. So my Renault is my purchase is 720. I'm going to throw in 325 as my Renault, budget because I think they're going to be wrong. And let's let me let me give you guys a rarely important KPI, okay? Keep performance indicator. What percent of construction budgets actually meet the budget and timeline of the project? It is literally zero. There is not even 0.001 percent of that do. Okay. So when somebody tells you their expectation and you're the lender, you got to know they're giving you their they're like I call it a spreadsheet, spreadsheet dreaming. They're putting a dream together on a spreadsheet and they're trying to massage the numbers. Okay. So what I would do on the budget, I usually will add anywhere between 20 to 30% to their budget because they're they'll be off. I won't tell them that, but I'll just assume that's what's going to happen. And then I would also add probably and then basically whatever that is, I then divide that by one. And what does that mean? That's $1,000 per day. So how long will this project actually take? It will take 325 days to do that project, including permits. Mm-hmm. Is that actually sound a lot more accurate if you add permits in there and you got that big of a budget? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Especially since it's based on your experience because I think experience is like when you say I have given you guys 10 years of my experience, I totally understand what that means. Right. Because you'll get people again. No, no, no, no, this is different. It's like, okay. Yeah. So I would say it's a 325 day project. Okay. Now the next question I would ask is, okay, well, why do they need a gator lender? Why a gator? Right? Because like I said, I don't think it is a gator. Okay. Deal because they're looking simply for 3.10%. Okay. And I'm like, whoa, that is not really worth that much. I dare to have been very nice here in sub two. He kind of helped me kind of go through that a little bit. And I was like, that's not very much, especially if it's going to be six months, you're holding on to that money. Now if it's a year, I'm like, wait a minute. This ain't working. It's not. Right. Right. Right. So here's a couple of things I would do. Okay. So let's say here's the person doing the deal, right? And this is their house. And they need essentially, they need $720,000 for the purchase. And they need 325 for the renovation. And then they're going to need essentially $50,000 of miscellaneous stuff. Okay. And for you guys that don't know what miscellaneous stuff means, that means when you buy the property at 720, am I really buying this property at 720? No, I'm not. What am I really buying this property for? I'm probably buying this for about 740,000 dollars. Why is that closing costs and such? Right. And at that purchase price, a lot of closing costs, title, the title insurance is going to be really expensive, you know, all that kind of stuff. So I would say you're going to have that. And then you're also going to have stuff like utility. So along the way, right? You're going to have hard money payments along the way. Right. So like, let's look at, I have a deal that we just closed yesterday. Oh, perfect. It's up right now. So let's do a little share on this. Okay. So you see this deal that we just closed. This is a fixed inflow. You'll see the lender I used was a certain lending. We the company we use now is my investor loan.com, but 540 not 541 I borrowed from them. I paid commissions 19 grand. And then I paid off. This was like the last remaining hard money. Let's see. Oh, here it is right here. Let's see. The list of pros holding interest payments. Okay. Interest payments closing costs. Hold back. Some of the treetop offer. Wow. Look at all these assignments. I paid. Daisy chain, Daisy chain, Daisy chain, Daisy chain. A lot of Daisy chains. Let's see. Total closing costs. It's interest payments. Wow. I guess we didn't have a lot of interest payments on this thing. Okay. So my total cost of private money in my derives right here was $4,129 for that whole entire $600,000 project. So this is where Gators don't excel. Okay. Gators do not excel right here. You know, because there's big companies like my investor loan.com and other people that bring tons of money to the table and are willing to do it for way cheaper. Okay. So they're really that's that like it when you get into this realm, I would I look at this and I'm like, well, if you need 740, you're going to have hard money payments, you're going to have utilities, you're going to have all that kind of stuff. Really, the money that you need is you need two people. Okay. Just like I showed you guys on sandstone. Did I have how many lenders did I have on sandstone? I too. Okay. One of them is a hard money lender and I'm going to draw the hard money lender as an office because that's an institution. An institution is a company. They're sole purpose. You know, they got 20 to 100 people that literally their entire business is just lending money to people. They're massive companies. Okay. So the company we use now is my investor loan. They do big loans, small loans, whatever. My investor, my investor loan.com is who we use for our purchase. The challenge with my investor loan is, are they going to give me 100% of all my renovate or all my purchase price and my renovation? No. And so I've got to go get a second person and this is a private money lender, which may be poses an opportunity for you, Fee. Okay. So this private money lender is going to have to bring what amount of money to the table. If my investor loan.com, at least in our world, they'll give us 90% of our purchase and 90% of our renovation and 0% of our miscellaneous. Okay. So 70% of my purchase. Okay. Let's do that real quick. 70% of my purchase. Is this helpful for you guys to see this stuff? Yes. Yes. Okay. So what, how much is my investor loan.com going to give me? They're going to give me or this, this, this flipper. They're going to give them $648,000, which means there's a deficit, right? There's an amount of money that's not met. Right. Of $72,000 that's missing right there. Yeah. Okay. Now if my renovation in my miscellaneous is $325 plus 50, that's $375. That means that I'm going to be missing $3,7500 for the miscellaneous and the 90% right. So $370. Okay. So my investor loan is going to give me or give that rehab or $337,000, but they're going to have a deficit right here. Okay. Does everybody understand where I'm coming up with this number? Yes. Oh, sorry. You can say yes. Does everybody understand where these numbers are coming from? Nick says if 0% miscellaneous, then would you need to cover the full amount of $50,000 on your own depends on how you structure it to my investor loan. If you guys want, I can bring my investor loan in here at some point and talk about that, but let's not overcomplicate that with that situation right now. Okay. But everybody understands that in general. A lot of times we will roll that into the renovation costs like Jennifer Mendoza saying, okay. Cool. So now what happens is now the institution is going to say, all right, we're going to give you 648 and the institution is 648 plus 337. They're going to give me $985,000 for my project. Okay. And that means that I got to go fine. So the institution gives me 985. That's pretty cool. I'll take that. But then I got to go down to my private money lender and go, hey, private money lender, I need $72,000 to buy the deal. And then I need you to help me prime the renovation. I need to get the renovation started and then start getting reimbursements is I need $109,500 from a private money lender. The challenges is that this private money lender is going to have their money tied up for one year. Okay. And they're going to probably make that private money lender. We understand where these numbers came from everybody. This is also how people fix and flip with no money out of their pocket because some people like, how do I fix and flip without any money? This is how you do it. You get an institution to give you 90% of the money in a private money lender to give you other 10%. It's pretty simple. So if you have the money tied up for one year, that's a problem because if I'm a gator lender, I don't need that kind of money to make good returns. I need smaller amounts of money. I need a thousand to 10,000 sometimes kind of the sweet spot. And then sometimes as I scale, I'm going to run into opportunities that have $50,000 opportunities, et cetera. And I can either a, use my line of credit front that PCS helps me get or I can aggregate or collect other people together and we can gator wrestle together and bring that together. I will make more money. Here's the thing is like you just we just had a gator lender do 2500 and they're making 32 grand in four days. That's pretty good. So a small amount of money, short amount of time, big chunk. Okay. A private money lender is safer, less work. They're going to have their money plugged in there for a year that pays them essentially about a thousand dollars a month. So at the end of the year, they'll make 12 grand. That's pretty decent. A lot of private money lenders love this. They absolutely love that return. It's a really good return for them and it's safe and it's secure and it's this down the other whatever. Okay. So I look at this and I go, okay, I have a pretty good opportunity right now. Okay, I just did this on a fiveplex in Dallas. Okay. So here's a fiveplex. It's turned, it's being turned into an Airbnb and there's a couple of partners that are like, hey, we got, we found the project, but we have no money. We're wondering where is this money going to come from? In fact, they got the loan. They got the loan from my investor loan.com. They were able to sponsor the loan on their own, but they needed a down payment and renovation cost. So they needed a hundred thousand dollars. Okay. So what did I do? As I said, hey, if I bring the private money lender to you, if I bring this person to you right here, will you guys give me ownership in the fiveplex? And they say, yes. I sure will. So I insert pace, pace owns 30% of the fiveplex. But what did I bring to the table, Effie? All the money that you brought, nothing, but you're getting the ownership because you bought it. Right. And what did I do? I brought the private money lender to the table. Right. The private money lender is going to make 12% interest and I got 30% ownership of the deal because I brought a resource to the table. Okay. Oh, I can barely wait to be that generous. Well, I don't know where you could, I don't know why you couldn't do this right here. Right? If you could find this private money lender for them and say, hey, I'll bring a private money lender to the table for you. If I can be a partner in the deal and you guys give me 10%, 15% of the deal. There's no reason you couldn't be somebody that brings a private money lender to the table. But with this particular deal, though, pace, would you not want to grab them by the shoulders and kind of say, look, here's what you really are in for and this is some what you really need. Instead of just going with what they want because I'm afraid that I would just be sitting in the mouth to fail. Now that I've explained this, I would probably understand their pedigree a little bit. I'd go, hey, so like who on your team 100% knows, you know, because what I've talked about with pace and blame it on me, you know, say, hey, um, Cassandra says private money lenders are out there. Guys, I'm telling you inside of sub two, I get people, I raise 700 grand. You know how much money I have from private money lenders? I think we have, we at one point just from sub two, I had like $9 million. So there's a lot, there's a tremendous amount of private money lenders in sub two. Okay. So the, what was the story I was going to tell you something before I deviated? You asked the question. Just how I would wake them up to not. Oh, yeah, yeah. So in a finish in six months, blame it on me and say, hey, look, I've talked to pace and, you know, nothing, not about necessarily your deal or you know, they know, they know. I told them I would bring it and they said, what about the address? I said, I think that pace will kill anybody who comes near this project. But I didn't realize, pace is smarter. He just won't show it. Yeah, he just won't show it. So blame me, like just say pace went through the deal. He's done 7,000 renovations. He says that the renovations probably closer to 325 and the length of time, or you know, with the permit and everything else is probably closer to a year. Right. Hey, throwy on win. Please, we can talk about that another day. Please, let's just stay on topic. Please. Okay. So here's the thing. You need to say, hey, this is what pace says and what's what are your contingencies and what's the pedigree? Right. Because at some point, if somebody goes, no, we've got a partner on our partner. We've got a partner in our group that has done 500 of these or 20 of these. And we've hit the budget every single time. We've hit our timeline within 10% every single time. And here's our stuff. It's not. It's two, three, but two very eager days who are, you know, just starting out. Yeah. And so here's here's what I find out about very, you know, just starting out people as they will chase a deal just to say I check box did a deal, right? And they'll chase down bad deals. And when I call them out on a bad deal, that's not a good deal. They get really offended. They're like, oh, but this and but that in my contractor, we know him from my church. Am I all the reason not to trust him? No, I'm expecting that she'll listen just because I'm expecting she'll listen. She's a smart lady. I don't know if she'll back out. And maybe she shouldn't back out. Maybe she should just go for more. You know, but yeah. And I also would say if your ARV is not 1.4, this is not a deal. If you think it could be 1.2. Because here's the last part I'll say I've got Sean says, please outline what a sponsoring alone is Sean, did have you watched the other Gator lending zooms where I broke that down and talked about sponsoring alone? Or is this your first time watching Gator lending? Maybe you see more clarification or some. Okay, he says I didn't watch 100% yet. Okay, got it. Watch Angel says watch 3.0. Cool. So thank you for that because that helps me move forward in the conversation. Thank you guys. Appreciate that. This provides help. Thank you, Angel. Appreciate you. So Effie, let's look at this deal just real quick. From a worst case scenario standpoint, see if they'll even make money on it. Okay. So if I've got my purchase price is actually 740, not 720 because I got closing costs. And that's always a red flag for me because people go, hey, private money lender, I, this is the money I need. My purchase price is 720. No, it's not. It's not 720. It's 740. So maybe they, the contract is actually 700 and they threw 20 grand on there for closing costs. And if they did, great. Kudos to them. Okay, but you saw the way my PNL is broken down. I got my closing costs. I might, my bookkeeper even tracks who made money on the assignment before we bought it on my PNL. Right? Pretty interesting. So I've got 740. Let's add our 325 of Renault budget. And then let's add also $50,000 of miscellaneous because that will absolutely be a part of it. Okay. So let's add up our, all right, let's add up our number. So 740 plus 325 plus 50. I should have just been able to add up whenever by myself. Okay. So now you got a problem. Don't we got a 1.115 million dollar deal? Now people that are brand new to real estate, I'm really sorry, but I'm going to have to test you and let's do something. How much equity do they have in this deal, guys? If they sell the property for 1.2 million and they're only into it for 1.1 million, how much equity do they have in that deal? I love this. This is really, really, really great. How much equity do they have? Zero. Why is that? In fact, they'll lose money at that. Okay. What is equity? I'm going to give you guys what the actual definition of equity is. Okay. No realtor or broker or anybody can argue with me on this. I'm the only one that has the appropriate answer to what equity is. What is equity? Equity is what you have in your pocket after the house closes. You've already sold it. Equity is what you have in your pocket after everybody has been paid. That's equity. So you get a homeowner that owes 500 grand on their house and they go, my house has and I'm selling my house for 550. I have 50,000 in equity. You know, you have zero dollars in equity because why is that? The average price to sell a home for a homeowner. Okay. So homeowner in the United States, the average price to sell a home is about 11% in the United States for homeowners. Okay. The average price to sell a house for an investor is between seven and eight percent because we get lower commissions on our fees. But most people, I wait, what? How is it seven to eight percent? How is that even possible? Well, it's because you have one realtor, usually on my side, I pay one realtor, one percent. Okay. That's my listing agent. I pay them one percent. I pay the other agent, especially at a 1.2 million price. I'll probably pay them a full 3%. Okay. The buyer's agent always gets paid the full amount or very close to a full amount. The listing agent, they don't do shit. So they shouldn't get paid that much. I mean, they do a lot, in comparison, they really don't do much. Okay. And then what you're going to do is you're going to have another probably three to four percent in closing costs. I'm sorry, buyer concessions happens all the time. People don't know this, but you've got what we call concessions in the business. People will say stuff like, hey, I need my loan paid down or hey, they'll do an inspection on the property of 1.2 million. And the buyer hires an inspector. Guys, I hope at some point, I don't have to go through this. This is I'm doing this chronologically. So next time you guys have a question about, well, what does it cost to sell a house? I'm going to say, go back and watch it. I've done the training. We're going to move forward and future stuff. Okay. I'm giving you, I'm having to unfortunately give you guys basic real estate knowledge right now. This is basic stuff. Okay. So concessions are when a buyer hires a home inspector. We all know that does happen, right? Does everybody know that that happens? Okay. So the home inspector hires or the home inspector typically will supply about a 40 to 50 page document called an inspection report. Well, now what happens is that buyers that buyer has this amazing leverage over you as the seller or the fix and flipper. And they say, I have 40 pages of everything that's wrong with your house that I'm about to buy. Okay. And what happens is, yeah, they'll know, Marina says, I'm getting my license. They'll literally never teach you any of this stuff in licensing school. None of this. Okay. Never. So what will happen is the buyer will come and go, I want all these things fixed in this report. Relts, I'm not moving forward the transaction. And they'll either get a credit against the purchase price. Okay. That's called the concession. Or they will ask you to do repairs. We call those repairs binzers. Okay. In Arizona, you don't call them that everywhere else, but binzer is an acronym that stands for buyers inspection notice sellers response. So the buyer gets an inspection. They then notice the seller and then the seller response of binzer buyers inspection notice sellers response call the binzer. Okay. So when people say stuff like, oh, you're dumb. You're paying your realtors too much. Who pay, I pay four percent to sell my houses, one percent to my realtor and three percent to the buyer's agent, four percent. I'm like, you just told me how dumb you are. Because you all obviously don't have enough experience to realize that there's a whole other three to four percent of selling a property that has nothing to do with commissions of agents. Okay. So that's why the average homeowner in America is paying 11% to sell their property. And that is why the average fix and flipper is paying about seven to eight percent. Does that make sense? Okay. 11% for a homeowner, seven to eight percent for an investor because we have connections and we have that kind of stuff, right? We're all on the same page. So check this out. Let's do this a little bit different now because we already said that they don't have equity. So let's say they sell this property for $1.2 million, Effie. By the way, guys, am I underwriting just Effie's deal or am I literally underwriting millions of deals that you guys will run into in the future? And do I need a spreadsheet to do this or is this pretty basic math? Okay. So when I take the time on Effie's deal, it's not because I'm just trying to favor Effie who I adore. It's because she has a deal that will actually help you guys a lot in your lending stuff. Okay. Don't need to spread. I literally don't use spreadsheets for any of my decisions on any of my deals. We use spreadsheets for like financial breakdowns after the deal is already closed. But when I make a decision on a deal, I usually just write it out by pen and paper, pretty basic. Okay. So if it's going to take me 8% to sell a $1.2 million house, how much is it going to cost me to sell that house? So 1.2 million, let's multiply by 0.08 is it's going to cost me $96,000 in commissions, closing costs, concessions, etc. So if that's the case, all right. If that's the case, I'm going to lose how much money. So let's go 1,1,115,000. I will end up losing $11,000 on this deal. So I'll spend a year of my life to lose $11,000. Wouldn't you actually use more when you think of the added other expenses you were talking about? Which ones like the concessions? Yeah. No, that's this number. The $96,000 I hear. That's that 8%. Oh, I see. Yeah, but I put it in at 11 because you don't know who's going to end up. Well, no, the seller is the person that pays all this stuff. So the seller, we already know is an investor. Does that make sense? So if it's a homeowner selling their home, they're paying 11% but because it's a home, it's a real estate investor that is doing the project, they're going to pay $11,000. Sorry, sorry. No worries. Carlos, the rehab is already included in this brother. The rehab is right here. I miss the sneeze when we wrote that down. Okay, so I've got my purchase price in here. Now, what's interesting about this? Okay, let's let's say something very interesting. This just tells me how inexperience this person is because let's hypothetically say that their and budget is actually correct. Okay, let's change it to 225. Okay, let's say that their budget, they told me it was 225 is actually correct. Okay, they're actually going to only make. Okay, so let's add another 100K on here. Even with the budget they have right now, Fee, and me not doing anything, not no fluff, no stuff, no nothing. Okay, the most amount of money they're going to make on this deal is 90, no, $89,000. If everything goes well, they're on budget, they're on time, everything in their report, the most money that they are planning on making is $89,000 for one year of their life. Does this sound like a deal that you would want to risk money on if you were a fix and flipper? Does this sound like a deal, guys? Not enough of a deal. No. Not when you consider how much can go wrong. Right. Lot can go wrong. So this is, this to me is not a deal. I would not do this deal. Okay, I want to say thank you very, very, very much. Yeah, because I think it helps to just walk through this stuff, right? Oh, totally, totally. I thought maybe there was some way to possibly see it from a gator point, but I couldn't see it. And I just said, well, yeah, but you're not pace. So I thought I'd ask. It's a great question. And this also highlights the difference between a private money lender. And why would a private money lender want to do this deal is because they can not, they can, if it ends up being a deal, let's say that they come across and they go, well, I know, based on comps, this is what got me worried is they go 1.2 to 1.4. Whenever anybody tells me that, okay, I use this really silly and silly analogy. Okay, it's really silly. But when somebody tells me they don't like ice cream, what do I really hear? What am I hearing when somebody says I don't like ice cream? I haven't tasted them all. Yeah, that's a good one. Or they're lactose intolerant. Okay, when people offer my wife ice cream, she goes, no, no, I don't like ice cream. I'm like, yes, you do. You love ice cream. And you, and you'll have a, you'll actually eat lactose intolerant people ice cream or non lactose involved ice cream, whatever you want to call it. Everybody likes ice cream. So when somebody says I don't like ice cream, what you've told me is you've told me something different than what you've said out of your mouth. Okay, so I have you at when you get more and more and more experienced, right? So it's like effee with you. Like when you were a teacher, you probably when kids said certain things or whatever, it was pretty indicative of what was going on probably at their home with their parents. And you saw little tell tell signs of red flags that would pop up based on the way they would talk. They would kid the way the kids smelled the way sometimes they didn't have socks on their, you know, their feet, but they had shoes like it tells you a story without having to hear the actual story, right? And you know that better than most. And so for me, when I look at a deal that says my comp is 1.2 to 1.4, that's telling me something even though it's not blatantly in most people's face. One, they're inexperienced. Two, they're make they're stretching to justify the purchase price because you would have never said 1.2 to be safe and 1.4 to be, um, you don't need to play it safe when you have comps. You either have a comp or you don't have a comp. That's all there is to it. Okay. So Wendy's saying it, you don't have comps. So when you have a 20% differentiator between what they're saying and there's been, well, it could be 1.2, it could be 1.4. Imagine this. Imagine this. I go work for a company. And the starting salary is between 60 and 80,000. Are you going to take that job and then find out later that the job is actually 41,000? Not enough. Okay. That's how I look at this deal. And I go, if the, if the person, what do we do guys? We don't bet on the horse. We bet on the what? That's what I'm talking about. The jockey. The jockey. Bet on the jockey. Okay. Who's the, what pedigree do you have? What experience do you have? You need to convince me. Okay. You need to convince me that this is a deal. And sometimes it's like it's the lady in Florida, right? The girl that I emailed her, let's see if she emailed me, because maybe I can call her. I have not heard from her. Okay. So let's say I get on the phone with her. She might convince me. Like I said earlier in the very beginning of the conversation three hours ago was, well, what's your experience? And she says, well, you know, I do this. I do that and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I've done all these deals in this area. And here's the proof and, okay. I'm in a bet on the jockey. And so do you know why it's so easy for people to lend money to me? Because you're a proven jockey. I win all day long. In fact, you could throw me on any horse. And I'm probably going to figure out a way to win. Right? And so this is why a lot of people just call me go, whatever project you have going on, I want to put money into it, because you got the Midas Touch. And I go, I don't have the Midas Touch. I have the all-seeing eye of experience. Right? Mike has a really great way of saying this. He says, my takeaway from this example was that in starting out, I want to do safe loans and focusing on casting a bigger reach. Yes. So again, rule number one of Gator lending. Okay? I didn't say the process of Gator lending. I just said the rule of Gator lending. What's rule number one of Gator lending? You are not a private money lender. Okay? You are here to learn how to build corporate credit to utilize other people's money with smaller increments typically. 100 grand or lower is the goal. Doesn't mean that there's not some Gator loans that you'll end up doing at some point. I've done some Gator loans at higher amounts, some transactional funding, double closes, stuff like that. But typically what you're doing is it's an active income. You got to understand Gator lending is an active income. It's not private money lending where it's passive income. Okay? And the second thing is, okay? The second thing is never lose money. That's rule number two. Protect your money. Protect your investment. Understand the deal, which is what Effie just did for you guys is to show you how to break down and look at these deals. Okay? That makes sense. Everybody. Hey, Toby Hansen. I haven't seen you in a bit. Bro, good to see you, dog. All right. So, Effie, thank you for this example. This was super helpful. I think a lot of people probably a lot of people didn't understand how some real estate transaction work just got a full education. And by the way, guys, do you, if you ever feel overwhelmed, let me tell you something. Filling overwhelmed is an absolute requirement for growth. You will feel overwhelmed. You absolutely will feel overwhelmed. 100%. So when you're like, oh my gosh, I'm overwhelmed. This is frying my brain. Great. That's the process. Okay? Thank you again, please. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Great stuff. Thank you. Effie. Good to see you. Also, Effie, you had a great thing there. And I'm going to tell you right now, you're doing 100% what I would be doing. Okay? 100% of what I would be doing is working through the process, right? Working through the process and looking at deals, even when you might not be set up. Okay? Because what I like about you, Effie, is that there's a red light right now that you're sitting in front of and nobody's even at the four-way red light. And you're like, why am I waiting for a red light? Let me go through it and let me figure out how to underwrite some deals and think about probably the most important thing I could tell you today. Is the difference between interesting and important? It's not the information I'm delivering because the information I'm delivering to Effie right now is very important to her. It's not just interesting. For other people that are not taking action. And this, I'm going to tell you right now, this is not a group of people that I'm going to drag through the fire and force you to take action. You're either going to take action or not. In sub two, I spent 11 hours yesterday with sub two students to break down different avatars and do all sorts of things because I am trying to get my students to take action. In here, your big boys and big girls, I'm not going to beg you to take action. But here's the difference. When I tell you three hours of amazing funny stories and I make learning fun, okay, guys, have you ever sat on somebody else's webinar for 30 minutes and go, oh my gosh, I can't sit straight with this person. I have a way to deliver that you guys can be in here for three hours and 15 minutes with me and it feels like 45 minutes. Okay. I work very hard for you guys and I care a lot. I really do. I hone my craft even when you guys aren't paying attention. I am behind the scenes working on trying to deliver at a higher rate for you guys. But at the end of the day, what I'm giving you is only interesting information if you are not taking action. But when you are taking action, it becomes important because you can now do something with it. And so Effie can now get off the phone with me and she can call this person and go, let me tell you why this is not a good deal at least from pace standpoint. And then Effie's going to have to figure out how to deliver that to that person, which is something that adults do. And then she and I can't teach you how to be an adult other than give you some examples here and there. Effie knows how to do that. She's been delivering to people much longer than I have and she's a master of her craft. But she also will then get the opportunity to hear their rebuttal. And Effie will go, oh, now I feel what this feels like. I get a stand in the ocean and fill the waves going all over. It's like describing to somebody what it feels like to be in a pool that's never been in a pool. But then the second you get in the pool, you feel you feel the movement of the water go, oh, this makes so much sense. So Effie, congratulations. This is the this is the path. See a deal doesn't work. Does see learn something tremendous. See another deal. It doesn't work. Learn something tremendous. See another deal doesn't work. Learn something tremendous. The fourth deal now you go, oh, I kind of feel what this looks like. I can now kind of navigate this. And now the question you come and bring to me, Effie will be an elevated question of, hey, I work through this. I don't like it because of these three things. But I'm curious what your eye sees about X, Y and Z there will come a point with you, Effie, where that will be the questions you're asking me. Does that make sense? Everybody that is the growth that is the growth and the pattern of this is not next week. You're all making a hundred thousand dollars a week. Do you understand that? Because a lot of people will come in here expecting to build a million dollar business in three weeks. And they don't have the patience. Okay. And then also you're thinking, well, I can't learn anything until pace doesn't know their gator zone. What are you talking about? Go into the free, create a finance with pace, Morrie Facebook group and sub to a few sub to student and say, hey, I'm lending. I've got some new strategies that Paces recently taught me. I'd love to practice them. And underwrite some of your deals and let you see if I can. Take the action and go get yourself into situations like Effie. Guess what guys? I'm more impressed by Effie today than I am by somebody that might have made 20 or 30 thousand dollars because again, who's the person has the advantage? The person who starts with 500 thousand dollars or the person that starts with nothing and learns a skill that will compound forever. Who do you want to be? I want to be Effie. Effie's the shit. In fact, somebody should turn that into a TV or like a shirt says, Effie is the shit. Effie's like, can I can you unmute me for a second so I can say something? That is hysterical. But I also do want to say that there is no reason not to get your hands dirty and to practice with this stuff. I think I helped out a couple of different people by doing this before I brought it to you. So I think that I totally hear what you say. I'm not willing to invest my billions of dollars on Gator lending. But I am going to do exactly what you suggest that thank you. Everything you said is awesome. But for some of the people that are sitting on the fence, get off the fence. Because I feel like if I can do it, I know everybody else can do it. And you said that to me. And I thought, is that a put down? I said to my leader. And then I said, I don't care. It's the truth. Whether I'm the thing, the thing is you get people that are like my sons' age that are learning technology at age 8, 10, 12, 14 that understand how to get into other worlds that have other opportunities in them. And they grow up that way. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You didn't grow up that way. I didn't grow up that way. I didn't have a cell phone. All the cell phones didn't exist when I was in high school, legit. And so it was what? They did grow up that way. You did? Yes, I did. I was very disadvantaged in life. Family of origin. But when I married, I married, his first profession was a mining and petroleum engineer. And when I saw that the engineering students were learning how to work on computers, these 286s. And I was saying, I'm never going to learn to say because I will not be a secretary. Period. I was like, wait, why are they learning this? And then it wasn't long before I started having computers in my home. I've had more computers in my home than people even now. I have four monitors and two computers. But the point is I've grown up opening my brain to technology because secretaries are gone. Everybody's their own secretary. Yes. You know, you name it. And so I have not necessarily spent all of my time on technology, but I have grown up with it. And I think it's very important to be open to all technology and don't settle for anything. Okay, just keep going. So that part of it is also about teaching, you know, teaching my students not to ever settle, but to keep learning. So I understand what you're saying. And for a lot of people, my age, that would be true. Maybe they haven't really done much. But I have, I worked at the University of California, working with PhD students and master students. I had to be up on technology and I do, and you know, I am happy that I'm relatively competent on technology and always looking to learn more. So I love that. Yeah, I think it's important. You must have stopped you. F.E. Do you have a favorite book? Yeah, I do. But I think I have to rejoice this one, which I think I may have read. A lot of people have read it, but they forget. Yeah, it's like, it's so good. It's like one of those things. But in closing, guys, it's 10, 20. So here's what here's what what do we do tomorrow or what do we do next week? Bob Warburton says, Pace, I'm up next. Please, one last question. Should I should I go one more question? Yes, I love Bob Warburton. So I'll do one more question. Okay. Next week we're going to be bringing in PCS. F.E. Good to see you. Thank you. What about Bob? Hey, Pace, thank you so much for taking the question. And thank you for the new wholesale agreement. As soon as we got that, those docs, I guess was a week or two ago with the last training, took that new phrase and I'm just going back to the paragraph about the instruction to release the deposit upon cancellation during the inspection period. And I took that and sent that and spoke to three, two closing attorneys in one pedal company that are definitely investor friendly, like working with me. Hey, BMAP's iPhone. He says, are we going to go over the Gator docs? I believe we did that last week when I released the Gator docs. We actually showed you guys the Gator docs. We showed you that kind of stuff. We do have the attorney coming in in two weeks that wrote those documents. So anybody that has an edit, a change, an update, something they have a question about regarding the paperwork will go through that again. And we'll actually go through line by line with the attorney. Bob, do you have an edit or a change or you're trying to make a suggestion of? Well, I did present, no, I don't have an edit or change, but I did present it to attorneys and pedal company owners. And they still feel that, and I think they're just trying to cover their assets here. They really still want to release regardless of what's in the contract. I could even not want to hold you up, but I could read you their responses on why. They just feel that they want to get a release after the fact. Now, I did see the release of Ernest Money Cancelation. A Dendham. Vocable escrow instructions, which are separate. So that's what they're looking for release. But my only major question is there's no date on there. And I that was one of the concerns they have is they're going to want to see something after the fact that that was done after the fact. They just feel very uncomfortable regardless of I would go to a different title company. Okay. Because what you're not dealing with now is you're not dealing with the state law. You're dealing with an individual title company. If you remember, the process in the very beginning, one of the first processes I told you guys to do, which you did, Bob, which I appreciate is get on the phone with the title company and have a conversation with them to make sure they understand it. It's the same thing with like, there's title companies here that won't do an FHA subject to or VA subject to. And then I go down the road and there's another another person that will, right? Has nothing to do with laws. It has everything to do with their individual business, right? So it's kind of like, I want to go down to this sandwich shop that doesn't carry ham and Swiss. Okay. We'll go to a different sandwich shop that does carry ham and Swiss. It's not like you're breaking law, right? So the separate escrow instructions, if that still doesn't solve that problem for those people, what more could you possibly do to force yourself to work with that those knuckleheads? Yeah. Well, like what more do you think they need? It's in the purchase contract. Yeah. And you give them an additional set of escrow instructions that's in a dendum and they still are not happy with it. But I assume the reason why you don't have the date is because we're we're presigning that ahead of time. I don't know. It's a shame because the both ones one title companies have filled off here. The other two are in other areas and they're very, very user friendly. This what I've always done in the past before I met you was my contract states that the earnest money deposits does not do until after the inspection period. Would that solve that problem even in your situation? Yeah. Right. And also if you really want to adjust that on the contract, you're more than welcome to do that. The challenge with that Bob is that doesn't present a really good opportunity for you. Okay. So if I go out and I train wholesalers to go do that strategy, which actually is a really great strategy in them. This video's never gotten to the open world. If I was there to teach a wholesaler, which I don't teach wholesale, I do a lot of wholesale and I teach wholesaling a lot of wholesale in sub two, as you know, but I'm not going to go out to the wholesaler public and go, Hey, guys, you actually don't need earnest money. You can structure your paperwork to do this, this, and this because essentially what I'm doing is I'm lobbying against a business opportunity that actually could make me a lot of money. Does that make sense? Yeah. By doing what I'm doing, I'm eliminated the need for a gator. I actually know you still need the earnest money deposit after the inspection period. Yeah, but at that point, you still, you should have found a buyer already. And your buyer should have put in the earnest money. So there is no need for a gator lender. The, the, the, the, the, comes in from in my contract, I am literally, we literally are writing the contract and we're changing a couple of things this coming week. And guys, by the way, did you know contracts will continually update? We all know that, right? Well, update things will see something. Okay, let's change this. Hey, I ran into a problem. Let's update this like together. We will essentially crowdsource a really great contract. Okay. So and the old one will get deleted. The new one we put in, it'll always be the same dropbox link, but it's just going to be a constantly updated contract. So if I went out and I did that, and I taught that to wholesalers, number one, here's why we don't do it that way. Okay, is because we've been challenged by attorneys and we've been challenged by title companies that we never consummated the contract in the first place. And because I didn't actually put any earnest money down when I started my transaction, that there was no consummation. There was no seer. There was no, what's the word they use? Consideration. There's zero consideration. So technically, could you go that route? But now what you're running into is you're running into another title company that's okay with you in opening up an escrow without consideration. So it's like, man, you're, you know, what is what's that phrase? It's six and six of one and half of a dozen of the other. Okay. So it all comes down to the title company. Like my title company I own so I can call them up and I can say, Hey, Danielle, do this. Hey, Jennifer, do that. Hey, don't do that guys anymore. Bubble, bubble, blah, right? And you've got a good relationship with your title company as well as what it sounds like. So they'll let you do certain things like not have earnest money, but technically the way to make a contract consummated or complete is to show consideration, which is a dollar of earnest money. Now, a wholesaler's going to have a dollar of earnest money. So in my personal opinion, if I'm going to lobby, right? We, and we told the story earlier, Bob, about, and at this point, I'm telling everybody else about you. But we told the story about the light bulb, the conspiracy about light bulb prices. And right? And what happened is, so Brian Bowman, I'm going to ask you a question. Have you watched all the zooms that we've done on Gator lending? Because, oh, dude, Jeff is the best, by the way. Is it reduced fat? No, but I had Jeff and Apple. Oh, yeah, that's the best. So Brian says, yes, I met your title company. So my, my title company, we only have three locations right now. The name of our title company is complete title. Where we'll do all these types of transactions. And we are opening up title companies with my mastermind students nationwide. And so it'll be a couple of years. But anyway, so the light bulb conspiracy, basically what happened is all the light bulb manufacturers came together and they go, look, let's not undercut each other. Let's not do this. You guys were bleeding ourselves dry. What we need to do is we actually need to make it so the light bulbs last less time. And the prices go up. And we need to do it collectively. And you know, it worked. And they all made like five times more money. And it was just a collective agreement. Now, I can go out and I can go to Jerry Norton, I can go to Jamil, I can go to Brent, I can go to Max Maxwell, I can go to all these people that are essentially like the wholesale, you know, holy Trinity essentially. And I can say, Hey, you know what, let's teach people that they don't need earnest money. But two things are going to happen. One, it highlights a really bad industry of people that are not willing to put consideration into a contract. And then that brings on more regulation, which nobody wants. And then the second thing is it destroys the ability and the business strategy of a gator lender of like, Oh, crap, that's like my favorite type of lending is I lend 1000. I make three. So really what I'd rather do, Bob is I'd rather teach people and overcome the paperwork side of things over time, right? Like getting on a phone call or a zoom with your attorney or even what state are you in your fill? Pennsylvania and Delaware. Okay. So what I would do is I would actually, this is part of what I'll probably do for this gator training is I will hire a Pennsylvania attorney and I will get your Pennsylvania attorney to go and come in and go, yeah, actually, I'm a real estate attorney. The state law states this as long as the seller agrees that they are releasing their their right of this that and the other, then it's perfectly fine. And then any time a title coming says, No, we can't do that. You go, here's a recording of a Pennsylvania real estate attorney stating this, this, this, this, and this is how I've overcome literally 99% of what anybody has ever told me that's impossible. That's not this. You can't do this. I go, okay, no problem. Let me call my an attorney or my attorney or a new attorney. And then I get like two years ago, I had a lot of students because I wasn't doing sub two and seller finance deals in New Jersey and New York. So I had students that joined sub two and they go, I, it's impossible to do sub two and seller finance in New York because you have two you have two attorneys. The cell, there has to be two attorneys representing each side. And I go, okay, give me your attorneys information. And I called those attorneys on zoom, recorded the calls, overcame all the objections with the attorneys and sent those to the students. I go, now you can never tell me you have a problem. And that was two years ago. I've never heard somebody ever say to say to me ever again, it was like three months of DMs and messages and students coming into the zooms and saying, this is impossible. We can't do the strategy here. And we should we just virtually do it in in Florida. I'm like, what attorneys are telling you this? And I get on the phone with the attorneys and I walk through it and I go, can you show me a law? Can you show me this? And they couldn't. So I go, well, you know, now that I've thought about it and this and the other and I've done some research and I go, great, can we do transactions with you? Can I send you business? And now 40, 50, 60 students have done deals with those people because we overcame that. And that's the challenge sometimes with business, not Bob, Bob knows this, but everybody else is that guys, things are not always laid out for the pioneers in the world. You got to go chop down the freaking jungle with a machete. And that is how you go create new endeavors and new businesses and new opportunities that didn't exist before. Okay. And so I'll present the, I'm sorry, I'll present the release also. I didn't show that to them yet because I was worried because it didn't have a date on there. But if that, that should meet their needs. It's a shame because all three are both extremely investor friendly, you know, understands up to close up to done wholesaling and signing. I think the smartest thing is just educating them and then challenging them when they say that say, okay, well, what would you need to see? So instead of saying, is this okay? And they go, no, say, great, what would you need to see? And then Bob, you as a value provider, because you've always been a value provider, you would come back to the group and get, hey, guys in Pennsylvania, I got two closing attorneys that would do X, Y and Z. Rick says, what's Bob's last name, Rick, you tell me, let's look at the screen. What is Bob's last name? Okay. And what I would do is I would say, hey, guys, I have two closing attorneys. I've worked through it. These are the things I wanted to adjust it for the contract because here's the challenge is the contract that we have is not going to be universally utilized for every title company. So there is going to be some training you guys need to do that you guys might need to edit the contracts or edit the this or change this or that other other bit of be very minute, very, very, very minute. Most people look at a contract they go, oh, dang, this was written by an attorney. I can't adjust it. No, no, no, I hire an attorney to give me the framework and 99% of it. And if I need to change one thing or another, I can do that. Right. So I would go to them. And by the way, real estate investor legal is the Facebook group where Sean Sank Claire, who's the attorney who drafts all of my documents. He has his own Facebook group called real estate investor legal where he gives you closing attorneys and escrow companies nationwide that can do creative finance transactions. So Bob, that's a great question. What I would do is I would show them those escrow instructions. So Bob, is that help answer the question? Yeah. Yeah. I'll present the release. Okay. You basically all three of said title companies attorney said they want to release. I'll show the release and just, you know, hopefully they don't have an issue that it's predated in essence, because there's no date for it. Last thing is the contract is great. You'd mention an addendum, which basically has all that documentation. If our, the buyer has a different contract that we could use, I don't see that in the gator package. And I just looked again, the link you sent. Will that be, will you be going over that next time that addendum? Tony says it's there. Tony, can you make sure Bob finds it? It says memorandum and then wholesale contract. I don't see the, go to the one in the discord channel. Okay. Everybody else that go to the one in the discord channel. Everybody get into discord. Please, if you're not in discord, I'll make sure PCS sends you another email.