 Today, I'm going to go a little bit more in depth into what the Gator method is and then more importantly, I'm going to go into like right now, I'm going to go into why I'm doing this. So you guys understand because one of the greatest questions I had from somebody months and months ago, actually it was probably two years ago now, I was on stage and somebody asked a question in the audience and they said, what do you get out of helping all these people? And I was like, wow, what an interesting question. JJ, I won't say your last name, but JJ basically was like, I don't have that nature. I don't have it in my nature to want to just give and give and give. In fact, my nature is want to take and take and take. Like, I'm trying to build my kingdom. I'm trying to, you know, build my family's financial future. I'm not trying to go out and just give things away like you guys are. What is it about you? What are you trying to accomplish by doing all this stuff or free for people? And I was like, wow, interesting. So there's a lot of people on the side. I'm sure that are wondering like, why does pace do the stuff that he does? So let me answer that question for you. Number one, I have learned that the more I give, the more I receive and I'll be very specific with you. The more I teach people methods like the Morby methods subject to seller finance, innovation agreements, wraps, you know, owner financing, seller financing and owner financing are two different things. A lot of people don't know the difference showing people paperwork, wholesaling, fixed and flip, whatever it is, gator method, et cetera. I learned that those people learn how to do that business and then they come back and they bring opportunities to me. It was never my intention to do that, but I just learned years and years and years ago that people ultimately come back and do business with me. In fact, I've got a stack of contracts over here from people who bring opportunities to us because they go, hey, I learned how to do this from you. I want to bring this back to you as an opportunity. So thank you so much. Here you go. Let me pay that back. Oh my gosh, this is amazing. And so we just learned that we're going to do a lot of business with people in the side chat. And I am a giver at heart. I was never somebody who had to be trained to give. I think that that's an advantage that I have. I am a Pisces. And so Pisces, what we want to do is we want to fill everybody's cracks. That's like what our sign is. I'm a water sign. So if you have cracks in your personality or cracks in your business or cracks in your relationships, I want to fill those with my personality. That's a natural thing for me. Like I look for everybody's problems and I have this natural tendency to want to fill in their cracks. And so I never really had to fight a non-go-giving nature. I always have had it. Now, as I gave and gave and gave, I learned that I get things back. And when I get things back, it benefits my organization. It benefits my nearly 700 employees now. We have nearly 700 employees between all of our businesses. And so when I give, and then I receive back in return, I'm receiving back in basically in the benefit of 700 other people that all have four people in their family. So I'm really receiving for 2800 people. And so it's my job. It's my duty to give as much as I possibly can.