 All right, everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. We're re-agresorat. Obviously, I'm not pace morbby. I always say this to everyone. Like, you don't know. I'm not pace morbby. I am going to be taken over this meeting today because pace is on set. But I have Sean St. Ther with me. Let me see if I can find him. So let's see. There we go, Sean. Do you see me, Molly? Maybe if I speak, then I'll. And I'm making you a call right now. All right. Perfect. Okay. Let's do speaker. All right. Perfect. How are you today, Sean? I know we just talked like five minutes. Yeah, doing well, Molly. How are you? I'm great. All right. Everyone, today we are going to be basically going through these docs because pace has let me know that a lot of people have questions. If you guys want to raise your hands, if you have questions regarding the gator lending docs, specifically the docs that we just most recently updated, if any of you have been doing transactions recently and ran into issues or if you ran into questions that you don't understand how to use the documents, that's what this meeting is going to be here for today. I don't necessarily have an agenda other than for us to just answer your questions and go through the documents to the specific places that you guys have questions on. So it looks like Jose, I'm going to ask you to anything else you want to. Before, yeah, before we get started, just a couple of things. So, you know, an attorney disclaimer here that I'm going to provide. So the documents that we're going to go over today, I drafted for pace and his entities, which are Arizona based companies. That's who I am, council foreign, who I drafted those for and who retained me to draft the documents. Pace and or his companies have, you know, agreed or generously provided or shared these documents and but that doesn't mean all of a sudden that I'm the attorney for everyone on this call or for everyone using the documents. If you're using them and plan to use them, I recommend that you have them reviewed and analyzed and approved or revised by your own council. Also, and this happens to me, I will tell you a couple times a week, where whether it's these documents or other documents that I've drafted for pace that he shared. Please do not hand out my phone number or email to anyone that you provide these documents to who have questions regarding the documents. I once again, there may be some people on the call that have retained me and I do represent, you know, because they're here in Arizona and I have a file open for them and, you know, we can talk about that offline, you know, between me and them. But if I don't represent you and you don't have a file open with my office and some random person calls me and says, Hey, my understanding, you represent so and so. I'm going to tell them, no, I don't and then that's going to look very bad for you. Or if you say, Hey, if you have questions, Sean drafted these documents, give Sean a call. I'm not going to answer their questions because I don't I represent pace in his company and pace is shared these documents. And so just kind of a public service announcement, just, you know, know that if you want me to represent you and to, you know, be in that consulting, you know, arena for you on these documents, you know, you can contact me and talk to me about retaining my services, opening a file with with my office, that type of thing. And I'm happy to do that. Finally, this, you know, zoom here is not legal advice. I'm not providing specific legal advice as an attorney for anyone on on this call. I am simply providing information. So what I'm providing is legal information and the documents that we're going to go over once again, have them reviewed approved revised by your own council. So with that attorney disclaimer in place, let's proceed. And I figured I was like, I should stop before I just jump right into things because I know that that's always necessary. How many times does anybody talk to an attorney before they say what they're going to say they stop themselves and say just so you know, this is not legal advice, right? Like I do not present you. I have to do that as a real intern on that regular occasions, right? Like I'm not representing you as a real intern in this transaction. And so I completely understand.