 Some of you guys are going to be from Myra and some of you guys are going to be from me. I was in a Zoom this morning for the last three hours with my tribe talking about lending and all sorts of cool things. Today, I'm going to jump in here and talk about saving money on taxes and corporate structure and all that kind of stuff. So if you are from Myra's world, please let the chat know. By the way, if you're ever in a Zoom with me, your chat, my chat's always blow up because that's one thing I encourage is activity. So if you guys are from Myra's world, please type in Myra. I would love to see how many people are in here from Myra. Okay. Oh, Carolyn, perfect. Carolyn, I'm going to chat with you. Look at this. Got a whole bunch of people there from Myra's world. Love it. Carolyn, Cicciari. I think that's how you pronounce that. It probably is not though. Carolyn, what up? How you doing? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. How do I pronounce your last name? Cicciari. I was closer, not really. Oh, I didn't hear you because you were glitching a little bit. So. Oh, I do that from time to time. So Carolyn, do you already know who I am or do you just know who Myra is? No, I know you. I follow you on Instagram also. I don't know a whole lot, but I've been following you for a little bit. Amazing. Then you found me through Myra, I imagine. I actually found you right before Myra, yes. Oh, that's cool. She talks about you and then I realized, do you know her personal leaks? I thought maybe you guys know each other personally. She worked for my construction company for a couple of years and she was an absolute gem. We loved her and she ended up moving back to the East Coast. And so we kept a good relationship with her. And then I see her doing big things in her world. And I'll see her on IG live all the time. And I go, oh my gosh, hey, you know, and she's talking. So last week she started talking about LLCs and other things and I'm like, or taxes. And I'm like, I need to tell you people how I pay to zero dollars in taxes. So I think that's why you showed up today, right? Yes. I really, really appreciate you because Myra really does a lot of good stuff for us and this is really helping us. So we appreciate you. So Carolyn, tell me what do you do for your business? How do you make money? Well, right now it's more like a hobby, but I'm getting ready to retire from my real life job in a couple of years and I'm trying to, you know, make this a business. Okay. And what is that? Right now or what my hobby? What your hobby is that you're trying to turn into a business? What is it? You know, just crafting cups and and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, just all kinds of, like, you know, t-shirts, things like that, whatever else comes along that I'm good at. Okay. Amazing. Love that. So for people that are in here, you'll see we have 242 people in here. I don't know how many people at you. Myra usually gets into her stuff, but this, I have a lot of people from my group. I was just in a group with about 650 people in a zoom talking about lending and all sorts of cool things. And so I invited a handful of them in here and most of them are in the real estate world. Okay. Okay. So there's other people in here that are in the crafting cups world, which is Myra's world, right? So guys, remember something very powerful. If you guys are not posting on social media and creating your own brand, so Carolyn, I hope you were posting on Instagram and talking about your crafts. I'm not really, I'm learning how to do that because I'm a little older, so I'm not comfortable yet with this whole social media thing, but I'm really trying with Myra's help trying to get more out there and get posting more. That's a big problem of mine. Yeah. Why would you say that's a problem? Is it because you're worried about what people think or maybe like your friends or family or co-workers or anything like that? A little bit. Maybe my stuff is that good enough. And you know, I mean, there's a lot of conflict in the community lately. And it's like, I'm scared to put myself out there. Got it. Okay. Anybody specific that you're worried about? What they think? No, no, no, no, no. I'm kind of general. Yeah, just in general. You know, I'm new to, I'm new to all this, so it's kind of a little intimidating right now. I think, you know, if once I'm out there a little longer and I'm more confident, it'll be less intimidating. I like that. All right. Okay. Cool. So Carolyn, you, I should call you Carolyn, is that correct? Yes. Love it. So Carolyn, as you know, my name is Pace. I primarily focus on real estate. Yes. But I also am like a social media guy. I get a lot of my real estate holdings and my businesses are grown primarily from social media and just getting out there, right? Because social media is kind of the new business card of the new century. Correct. It's kind of scary for people that are like relied on business cards and face to face stuff for a long, long time. It's like, wait, hold on. The whole world's changing. I'm used to something different. Right. So we get that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.