 So the one thing that I got to that I was not able to jump into in death was something called a gator lender and a lot of people DM me like that is the first time I've ever talked about a gator lender. So let me remind you what that looks like. And tonight the main topic of tonight is either a how do I find gator lenders or b how do I become a gator lender because I feel like if I'm brand new to real estate and I don't even have money for wholesale and marketing and all that kind of stuff, I actually can become a gator lender and you're going to go wait, I'm 18. How do I do that? Wait, I've never been a lender. Wait, I don't have enough money. I'm going to show you guys exactly how this is done. Okay, give me just a second and we'll show you the reminds you guys the personality types. Okay. So this is the personality types to a little screen share for you. And do you guys feel kind of lucky that you're in a thousand person zoom and it's maxed all the freaking way out? Feel bad for people that aren't in here. So here's the personality types. Let's go through them one more time. We've got the whale, right? And the dolphin. So the whale leave me alone. Pay me my returns. I'm not making I'm not in business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving money. They're usually at seven to 10%. There's all the details of them. And we've got the dolphin completely different personality completely different place. You find them completely different interests rate completely different goals. Swimmer. Most of my investors that invest with me are actually swimmers people that invest with me specifically because they want to learn my deals. How I'm finding them. How I manage them. What my team is doing. I got I showed you guys my slack channel yesterday and showed you how my team is making decisions on every single deal. Sharks. There are sharks out there that are lending money. A lot of times this is these are people that are doing deals already, but they don't have enough deals. So they're lending money and getting to other people's deals. Okay. Now a gator. Okay. A gator lender is a transactional lender. Somebody who's funding on a transaction very quickly. They're coming in and getting chunks. You guys notice there's not really an interest right here because they are lending based on chunks. Okay. They make a lot quickly. And they do a ton of transactions. They're in and they are out. So let me tell you a couple of four instances. I've got a handful of these deals going on right now. Okay. Multiple ways that you can be a transactional lender or a gator lender. Gators are both in the water out of the water. They do both. They're jumping in. They're jumping out. Okay. Couple of ways that you can be a lender as a gator. Number one, I have somebody right now that I'm lending literally $1,500 to. I'm lending $1,500 to them for one purpose. The purpose of me lending $1,500 to them is for what? Why do you guys think I'm lending somebody to $1,500? What could somebody use with $1,500 in real estate? There you go. EMD. Somebody got into a deal that they're super excited about and they don't have the money for the earnest money. Okay. So a lot of you guys that are brand new, you don't know, earnest money is. If I'm a wholesaler and I go to a real estate agent or a real estate or a seller and I get into a contract with that seller, me and the seller get into a contract that says, I'm going to buy this house for this dollar amount. Every single contract is going to state earnest money. Means in order for me to actually start the transaction, I need to put $100 down. $100,000 down, $5,000 down. A lot of times it's 1% of the purchase price. You have to go and open escrow. So take this contract down to a title company, hand it over to a title company. They begin the transaction and all the searching and all the title work, but they're going to require you to put down whatever your contract says of earnest money. Okay. So there's a lot of wholesalers right now. Tell me right now, guys, if a sell, be honest, by the way, there's a thousand of us in here. It's still a tight knit community. If you have a thousand people in here, can you imagine how many people in here right now that if they got into a contract with the seller, required them to put 1% of their $300,000 purchase price, how many people in here right now could not come up with that $3,000. Give me a yes or give me a no, say me or not me. Okay, you'd be stuck. Right? You'd be stuck. Okay. So guys, look at the comments. Thousand people in here, I could actually take a poll here, which would be kind of cool. If I did a poll in here, you guys would be surprised at how many people that are trying to get into wholesale right now actually don't have the money to do their first transaction. All right. So here's the thing that I can do with transactional lending. Okay, I can fund people's earnest money. So I've got an earnest money deal right now where the wholesaler needed $1,500 to cover his cost to get into the earnest into the deal. Okay, 1,500 bucks. How much money would I make if I was going to earn 10% of that over the course of a year? Okay. All right. So if I earn 10% on that, $1,500 over the course of a year, it's not really worth my time. Right? Most big lenders, like hard money lenders, private money lenders, they don't want to waste their time with a $1,500 little lending fee. Okay. So gator lenders or transactional lenders, lenders that are coming in and out, most people would look at your little deal and your earnest money as a dead carcass. I don't want to deal with that. But guess what animal eats a dead carcass all day long? An alligator. An alligator will eat a dead carcass. Okay. So what I'm doing for a lot of people right now is I'll show you guys how to become a gator lender here in just a couple of minutes. But I'm helping people fund those deals and I'm teaching other people how to become a gator lender because how much money do you think I'm going to make on that $1,500 covering their earnest money transaction? Stop thinking about the paperwork for a second, guys. Please stop thinking ahead of yourself and stop creating limitations in your brain immediately. Do yourself a favor by just focusing on one step at a time. Okay. I will make $5,000 on that $1,500 transaction, $5,000. The wholesaler is making $25. I told this is what I said. The wholesaler says, I don't have the money to cover it, but I already have a buyer and the buyer doesn't want to put the $1,500 up until title is clear. And I go, okay, I'll put up the $1,500 because I have the proper paperwork that will make sure that if the transaction doesn't complete, I get my money back and fully protected. I will put up the $1,500. What is it worth to you? It goes, well, I'm making $25,000. I go, what is it worth to you? Okay. The wholesaler says, I'll pay you $5,000 at close of escrow. I go, okay, as long as I'm on the HUD, I'll give you the $1,500. Guys, you know how many times I've done this? I've done this so many times. Now, check this out. I'll walk you guys through the paperwork. I'll walk you through all that kind of stuff. It's very, very simple. It's not just earnest money. It's also probate fees. I get a lot of wholesalers, same thing. Hey, my seller needs to go through probate. I already have the house under contract. I already have a buyer lined up, but I don't have the money to pay for the probate and I need help. I go, no problem. I will lend money on this. My risk is a little bit higher in a probate situation. Again, I'll go through the paperwork. Okay. I'll go through all that stuff with you. And I'll pay for the probate. Let's say it's $2,500 or $5,000. Whatever it may be. And my cost, I have a probate deal right now I'm covering. And what I'm making, what it would, if I was a lender at 10% or 12% and I loaned $5,000 on let's say a credit card or a line of credit, how much money would I make at 10%. At 10% I'd make $500 for the year. Is that worth my time? It's not enough. Okay. And so most big lenders, hard money lenders, private money lenders, are they going to waste their time on a $5,000 deal? No. And so a gator lenders, somebody that comes in and will look at a dead carcass or an animal that nobody else wants to eat. An alligator will actually come in that water temporarily, pull that out, or they'll even go into the water and bring it down to the bottom of the water. And they'll eat something somebody else is not willing to eat. They'll make use of the deal. And they'll actually get that transaction completed. So the gator lenders are incredibly important. A lot of people don't talk about this because they don't know about it. Okay. So essentially, I fund a probate. I pay for the probate attorney. It goes through probate. All that stuff is done. I have a deal right now. I'm making 10 grand on a $5,000 deal. I'll make 200% on me paying for probate. I'm inserting my deal because again, guys, I'm not basing it on interest. I'm basing it on a chunk of money, a chunk of money, a chunk of money. Okay. Now let me tell you a couple of deals. Okay. And you open it up to some questions and I'll kind of tell you guys how you guys can get started on that kind of stuff as well. Okay. I've got a deal right now. I don't know if the person is in the side chat. I apologize if you are, but I'm currently negotiating a deal. Listen to this. It's going to psych you out. Okay. This takes about a year to build up to this. If you become a, if you guys become a gator lender, it takes about a year to get up to this level. Okay. If you build up a line of credit, and I'll show you guys how to build up a line of credit here in a second, you guys can work up to this type of transaction. I currently have somebody. It's a wholesaler working on a big portfolio portfolio is a large chunk of homes. I think it's like 112 homes in the North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia area over there. Okay. They are taking down a massive portfolio of houses, seller finance with a down payment. Okay. They don't have enough money for the earnest to open the transaction. And so they need $212,000 to cover their earnest money on that deal. What do you think I'm charging for that deal? You think I'm charging 20% a percentage? You guys think I'm charging a percentage? Kimberly Bolden already knows the answer to this. I'm actually getting two houses from this transaction. I will own two houses out of this transaction of me coming up with the $200,000. I will also earn $10,000 in return. And I'm negotiating 5% ownership of their entire portfolio.