 Thank you guys for being patient through all of that. I really do appreciate it. I know last week there were a handful of people like, I want to get started. And one of those people is Heather Whitsig, who has already very proud of her. She's one of my action taking students and sub two as well. So I wanted to bring her on here. Say hello to this amazing human being. Heather Whitsig, how you doing? Hey, everyone. Hey, Pace. So Heather, just for everybody in there, what do you currently have going on in terms of opportunities from Gator lending and then let's talk about because one of the top questions people are going to get are how did you find them? Yeah. So I am starting to do a little TC work for a group of wholesalers actually in sub two. So I'm actually doing some of that starting you know, last week after we got back from Vegas. So I met them in Vegas and they started. We're kind of asking around if anybody wanted to do some EMD for some of their deals. And so I've got two port well EMD for one portfolio that I'm going to be lending on. And then another portfolio that I'm partially lending a down payment on. And then I found somebody else to come in the rest of the down payment. So I'm kind of doing like a broker fee for that as well. Yep, you're you're doing what what I call Gator wrestling. Yes, Gator wrestling. And I'm sure that now so you know it's perfect. So a couple of things for you guys transaction coordinator for any of you any of the sub two students that are in here, you guys don't have a clue what we are building for you right now. We are building a full on transaction coordination. I would say many course, but it's not many. It's that it will end up actually being larger than the actual sub two and seller finance course that you already have access to. We are building a full on transactional like training series. I do about that. Yeah. It's so amazing. And here's here's the reason for that is because a lot of people have wives. That's typically the demographic I apologize for people are like, well, what about your husband and what about my what what I'm a woman and I have a wife and I'm a lesbian and you're not including me. Yes, I am. You're all included stop stop making me choose. I don't want to say the same sentence five different times just let me say it in a very general way. Please. So I'm creating. Gabriella says, how can I be part of that? Be a sub two student. All sub two students will have access to this and the advantage of being a transaction coordinator is a handful of things. Okay. You will see transactions before anybody else gets to see transactions because what's happening is the wholesalers in the world and the investors of the world go to somebody like a Heather Witzig who was not a transaction coordinator months ago. She's learned that in sub two and she's been around other T.C.s and it's something that she's recently adopted as something that she can do on a daily basis to earn active income without actually having to be the person that goes out and finds the deals. So in sub two, Caleb Christopher, my transaction coordinator, Rachel somebody who is my newly hired gal that I would call our syllabus creator and coordinator. We are putting together an entire training for you investors out there that have wives or significant others for that matter saying, how can I be a part of your business? How can I help you in your endeavor? I don't have the ability to cold call and I don't have the ability to negotiate and I don't have the ability to do all these types of things, but I'm smart and I can get my hands dirty. Well, we're teaching your wife, your significant other, how to become a transaction coordinator, not only for your transactions, but for other transactions of other wholesalers in your general area or for other sub two students. I imagine Heather once you joined sub two, you're like holy crap, everything I ever wanted and needed is inside of this community. I learned how to be a transaction coordinator. I get business from sub two students that need me to be their transaction coordinator. I get other students that need me to lend the money to them on the earnest money. Oh my gosh. Paces built an entire business for me. Essentially, obviously you put the action in you. Paces created a platform for me that I can get any resource I want by just simply taking action. And you don't even have to be the one cold calling texting, negotiating, spending the money, doing any of that kind of stuff. It is the greatest place on planet earth. So to answer that question for you guys that say, well, how did Heather find these deals? Guys, she learned how to be a transaction coordinator in my mentorship in sub two, being around other transaction coordinators in my mentorship in sub two. She then provided value by letting people hire her as their transaction coordinator. And the greatest part of being a transaction coordinator is not the fee that you charge. It's the opportunity you are faced with when you are handling somebody else's transaction. Yeah. And just learning the contracts and being able to do it when I start wholesaling myself one day. You know, so what does a transaction coordinator do? Here's what a transaction coordinator does. Everything. Make sure everything gets closed. You know, you do not, you we got to not simplify this. Let's let's give this some breath for five minutes. Let me explain to you what a transaction coordinators are. Are you ready to hear what a transaction coordinator is? Yes. A transaction coordinator will take your success rate of let's say the average wholesaler will sign 10 contracts and about three or four of them close. Meaning they actually come to fruition. They get paid on them. The other seven, six or seven of them cancel for a variety of reasons. One of the biggest reasons is lack of communication between all the parties. Okay. So the transaction coordinator, you would think the title company, anybody ever in here think, wow, this title company sucks. They don't communicate. They're overwhelmed. Okay. Anybody ever been in a real estate transaction? Your title company and your escrow officers are not your babysitter. Their job is to do the paperwork associated with the transaction. However, they get busy. They're business models to do as many transactions as they possibly can in a monthly basis. And where sometimes there's persistent, persistence required to let's say, I'm buying a house from a seller and my lender. I have a lender involved that's bringing money to the table. Well, typically a title company supposed to call the bank of the seller and say, what's the payoff? They get that payoff. They bring it to title. They put in the paperwork. Then their job is to go to the lender and go, Hey, here's the payoff. Pace needs to borrow this much money, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. There's so much coordination that goes on behind all of this. And the reality is, I'd say more than half of the phone calls, half of the emails, half of the text messages that you as an investor are sending out. Don't get replied to for two to 12 hours. And so a transaction coordinator is the person that's making sure that you, they are staying on top of the communication. They're looking through the documents. Our transaction coordinator actually gets on the phone with our seller when we're getting a house under contract and walks our sellers through the contract. So we don't have to. So I can say, Hey, all right, sounds great, Mrs. Seller. We're going to have Allison or one of our other transaction coordinators call you and walk you through the paperwork. And then the transaction coordinator gets the receipt of the earnest money, sends it to the seller. They basically allow us to completely disconnect from the seller and the relationship with the seller so that we can move on and go get another contract if you're a wholesaler, okay? Or go raise money if you're an investor or, you know, go get another listing if you're an agent. Transaction coordinators are, they've been in the business for a hundred years. They're everywhere. Typically they're not well known because they usually handle about five to 20 transactions a month. And they kind of just work in one little real estate brokerage or whatever else. They're one of the unsung heroes of the real estate world and very few people actually know who they are. They are very critical. I would never start a real estate business without outsourcing to a transaction coordinator because I don't want to deal with all the crap. It's a lot. It is so many times when a seller's in foreclosure, the average amount of time you have to wait on hold in order to get through to the right people to talk to is about six hours. So a lot of times I'll walk into a transaction coordinators office and they'll sit. They'll be sitting on hold on two different phones with two different transactions, answering emails, doing face time with people, doing all sorts of stuff. Transaction coordinator takes your success rate from three or four contracts closed. If you're a wholesaler all the way up to closer to six contracts. If you're a wholesaler, so they double your success rate of your closed transactions based on being the glue between all of the parties. The seller starts getting weird or wishy washy or whatever and they need somebody to calm them down. Maybe there's a buyer that's losing some sort of, um, you know, patients or whatever else. The transaction coordinator is to keep their job is to keep the transaction on the right track all the way until everybody gets paid. Has that sufficiently answered what a transaction coordinator is guys you will hear this so many stinking times. Okay. If you have not written down what's a transaction coordinator in the future. If you guys asked me what is a transaction coordinator, I will reference back to Gator lending 4.0 until you go rewatch the video. I will not explain it to you in greater detail than what I just did. Okay. Now you will also learn sub two students. You know, I don't normally talk this way or I'm not this quick. Usually I'll give that 45 minutes of breath and I'll walk through a whiteboard video, but I'm not here to train anybody on how to become a transaction coordinator in sub two. You guys can come in and ask me any question and I will answer it regardless of what the question is. Except I did bark at Heather last night for asking me Gator lending zoom quite or Gator lending stuff because I was like, I'm talking about this tomorrow. Heather come in didn't talk to me tomorrow. Please. So if you are, you know, you're one of these people have been trying to get into real estate for years. You've paid for mentorships. You've paid for seminars. You've gone to things. You've gotten excited. You've watched YouTube videos and you've got motivated and you put things on your, you know, vision board and you've got goals and you got all these things, but you just have never got your hands on a damn transaction. It might be because you suck. But it also might be because you need to start somewhere else, maybe a little bit more simple, right? That's why Gator lending is so powerful is because you can get your hands on a transaction. Tala says, I suck. No, you don't. You might just need to get your hands on a transaction in a different way. And so one of the things I've done in the last year for my sub two students is figure out other ways that they can get their hands on transactions to learn the process, overcome fears without ever having to be either the buyer, the seller. Or the wholesaler that goes out and finds the deals. And so a transaction coordinator is something that we've been adding as a benefit. Two years ago, I used to bring my transaction coordinator into all of my zooms inside of sub two and train people on transaction coordination. What we've done now over the last couple of years is turned a lot of our students into successful transaction coordinators who are now helping other people become transaction coordinators. Heather being a transaction coordinator today is the result of me working for three years to bring the value to other people that turned around and gave her that same value. So that is what a transaction coordinator is. It's how that's how you get benefited. One of the greatest things you can ever do if you are a husband and you are struggling to get your wife in the business is to get your wife trained as a transaction coordinator. I will never do teaching transaction coordination on YouTube or any free way. I because it involves my contracts, it involves my paperwork, which is proprietary and my students sign a contract stating that they'll never share that in the open public. And nor will I. And so subject to seller finance, innovation agreements, wraps, lease options, all of those contracts. My transaction coordination training is only for my sub two students. So if you guys come down the pipe and go, can I learn? Can I learn how to be a transaction coordinator? Sure. Go pay somebody $15,000 to learn how to be a transaction coordinator for real estate agents or wholesalers, but I will personally never teach transaction coordination for creative finance items. Unless you are an existing sub two student. So sorry to close that door and some people that are very excited about it, but that is.