 Are you, is my audio lagging guys, are we good? Can you guys hear me fine? They're not, it's a non-student asking about the entry fee. Please tell me how the entry fee incorporates into these calls. Okay, everybody says you're good. It's always the Android users, guys. Before you ask a question about audio or internet, just ask yourself this one question. Do I have an Android? If the answer's yes, Tanisha has an Android. Okay. Okay, dang it. I got another call I got to make. Sorry, guys. I'm entertaining myself. The challenge is normally in the zooms, the students, I get to break down the call with the students and that's why I hate YouTube. The zooms with students is so much better than this. It's like I get to actually pause and go through and go, okay, here's your next steps, here's what to do, all that kind of stuff. Do you wanna buy a sub to? Hi, is this Francis? Yes. Hi, Francis. My name is Pace. Did Chris tell you I was gonna call today? Oh, I guess he did. Amazing. Did you forget about me? No, I did not. I've been sitting here waiting. I'm so sorry. I had another homeowner. I was trying to help. They were in foreclosure and I was trying to help them out. Oh, no, you're quite alright. I was just eating lunch. I'm just waiting. I was waiting on your... Amazing. What are you having for lunch? I'm trying to diet. I'm having pepper, turkey, sandwich meat and salad. Oh, I love that. That's great. It's helping a little bit. I just started, so no big deal. I'm not right. Who are I yet? Are you on a diet because you're moving or something or what's going on? Well, no. I'm on a diet because I'm overweight and I'm trying to feel overweight and I want to look better and I want to feel better. So I'm trying to see what October will bring for me. A new month, new... New me, maybe. That's right. Yes, I love that you're not starting for New Year's because that means you're serious about it. Well, I am. I'm pretty serious. I've been looking on Pinterest and they've got a lot of great weight reduction affirmations. How cool are you? How... You're amazing. You're looking on Pinterest? Oh, yes. Pinterest is amazing. So many people do not use Pinterest as much as they should. That's such a great website. Oh, you ought to believe that you won't believe the number of pins. I have one called optimism and another one called mindful. And I've got like over 75 pins and each one of those. Wow. It's my... My port of law. Wow, wow. The port of law of many... I've had many of about to... It's so slow. It's probably wrong. Why? I'm running out of space. Well, so Chris told me you're moving to another city in Texas. Yes, I am. That's my goal. Yes. What's the hope and wish? What do you think I could help you with? How could I help you? Well, I want to sell my place and then I need to... Once I sell my place, I need to buy a home to live in, of course. Okay. So the property where I'm moving to is paid for. So once I make the sale here, then I can pay for the home and get settled there. Okay. My sister is helping out with this. And I'll live with her the few months so it's going to take to get the home built and then put on the property. Oh, wow. You're building a brand new house. Yes, I have. Okay. So you said the house you're moving from is the one that's paid off and the one that you're moving to is the one you want to pay off. Oh, yes. That's correct. Got it. So what do you need to make that happen? I need a lot. Like more than you think it's worth? Yes. So that's where your challenge is. You probably have in real estate agents telling you it's not worth that or something? Yes, that's true. What are you going to do? Well, I'm going to put it up for sale and hope. What do you think it's worth? Like if you were a real estate investor, what would you pay for it? I think it's worth $250,000. Why because it's cute? No, because it's worth that. And you can't. Are you having a hard time getting that? Well, I haven't tried yet. I haven't tried very hard yet. Got it. Okay. So you're planning on selling this yourself? Yes. No realtors. You're going to do like a four sell by owner or like maybe listed on Pinterest or something. That's what I want to do. I want to do it by a four sell by owner. But then again, once I get down the nitty gritty of what I need to do, I may engage a realtor. Okay. And how much money do you need in your pocket to make the deal work for the new house? I'm looking at, I'm looking at $220. $220, okay. So if you listed it for like $250 and you paid commissions and closing costs and all that stuff, you're hoping you walk away with $220 in your pocket. Correct. Got it. And this is the property in Elgin, Texas, right? Correct. Okay. Got it. So I got to do my research. Literally, I have one note from Chris and it says moving to another city in Texas. That's literally his whole entire notes. Okay. He didn't tell me how cool you were. He didn't tell me that you loved Pinterest as much as I did. He could have given me more notes, you know what I'm saying? Right. Maybe I didn't tell him I had interest in Pinterest. Well, he should have asked. And so what's your timeline sounds like you've got months? Well, if I make the deal, if the place sells and then I get the deal with the new home, that's dependent on those two things. It sounds like it all depends on the builder for the new house. Well, no, it's going to depend on the house here first because I need money in the bank to buy the house. Oh. So what happens if you don't sell it? What happens to the house you're building? Well, I won't start building the home until I sell it. Got it. So what you'll do is you'll sell the house, you'll get money in the bank, then you're going to go state your sister's house, then you're going to use the money in the bank to go build the house and then move into it. Got it. You're right. Do you have a builder already lined up and you've had quotes and all that kind of stuff? No, I don't. As a matter of fact, I'm going up this week and I have an appointment this Thursday. Got it. Okay. So you got plenty of time. Sounds like. Oh, yes. Yes. Time is on my side. I'm not, you know, if it happens, it happens. It happens. It happens when it happens. Francis, you sound like super sweet and amazing person. I don't even think I can help you. I think the right thing for you to do is hire a real estate agent. Okay. Personally, I mean, an investor is going to want one of two things from you. Okay. So here's what I'm going to give you some advice and maybe it's helpful. Maybe it's not, but I'm going to give you some advice of what a real estate investor wants. Not an agent, nor would I ever be an agent. Agent is like the worst job on planet earth. But I would, I would as an investor or as a homeowner, I would want to know what do real estate investors want with my house. We want one of two things. Okay. One, we want to buy your house at a discount so that we can go and actually make a spread, right? And I imagine you've had other calls from other investors probably offering you 140 to 180 or something along those lines, right? Right. How did I know? Well, you know from Chris. Oh, actually, no, because literally the only note that that knucklehead gave me says moving to another city in Phoenix. He is the biggest knucklehead I've talked to in a week. Okay. I didn't know that, but I, here's what I do know is I know every seller currently is getting hit up and reached out to by other investors constantly. And I also know that the right number to buy your house for as an investor is between the 140 and the 180. Right. So that's where investors are going to be. That's number one. That's the first thing that we're looking for. The second thing we're looking for is if a seller is willing to give us seller finance terms. And what I'm hearing from you is that you wouldn't be open to seller finance terms. Do you know what that is? No, I don't. Can I tell you what seller finance terms is? Yes, tell me. Okay. Do you know what an F-150 is? A pick up truck. You know it. I mean, you're in Texas. You know what an F-150 is. Yes. So I used to have an F-150, okay? And it got to a point where I had like 320,000 miles on it. And it was time to sell it because it was starting to have some little issues here there or whatever. And it was time for me to upgrade to a new truck. Kind of the same situation with you in your house. Like you've got a house. It's cute and you like it. All that kind of stuff. But it's time to upgrade new month, new Francis. You know what I'm saying? Right. So you want to basically upgrade your existing F-150 to a new F-150. So I go to sell my F-150 and I put it on Craigslist. And at the time, I went, do you know what Kelly Bluebook is? Yes, I do. So I went on Kelly Bluebook and Kelly Bluebook told me that the F-150 is only worth $5,000. And I'm like, hell with that. I make so much money on this F-150 and my construction company. I'm just going to keep working the truck. And I'm going to put it on Craigslist for $10,000 because that's what I think it's worth. And that's how much money I need for a down payment on a new F-150. So I'm going to just throw it out there and try and sell it on my own. And I'm going to see what happens. So three months later, after having that truck on Craigslist for $10,000 for three months, my wife comes in and taps me on the shoulder and she says, hey, knuckleheader, are you going to get rid of that F-150? It's in the driveway and it's bothering me. I go, what do you want me to do, babe? Everybody that reaches out to me is low-balling me at like $3,500. I'm not going to get rid of that thing at that price. And she says, you're a real estate investor. You buy everybody's house on seller finance. Why don't you offer to sell your truck to somebody and give them payments instead of making them come up with all the money up front? How am I, oh my gosh, that's so genius. So I go back to Craigslist and I change my listing on Craigslist to say, F-150 will take payments. Okay? And man, oh man, do you think I sold that truck for $10,000? No. I did. Actually, I sold it for $12,500 because I was willing to take payments on the truck rather than ask for all of the money up front. So in essence, because I was letting somebody own the truck but make payments to me as if I'm the bank and I essentially gave them alone, that is what we call seller finance. So I sell our finance my truck for three times what I was getting cash offers for because I was willing to give somebody payments so that they could go use the truck and ended up selling it to a guy that was a painter. And so he went and used the truck and the $300 monthly payment he made me every month was easy to make because he turned it into a paint vehicle, right? Okay. So that's essentially it. Real estate investors are either a looking for a really deep cash discount on your house, which you've already interfaced with, or be they're looking for you to give them a seller finance option where if you go, I want to sell it for this much money and it's a really high number and you feel like it's too high, I can assure you on a seller finance situation, most investors like me are willing to pay the high number as long as you're willing to give us payments. That's not my deal. That's I'm looking for the cash upfront. Totally understood that. That's why I'm thinking like why would France has even sell to me? And honestly, I don't even think you would sell to any investor at this point. Like the only thing that you should be doing is calling an agent in my opinion or doing a for sale by owner and just throwing it up on Craigslist yourself. You know what I'm saying? Right. That's what I'm trying to do. I think that's my goal right now. Right. Because I know it's a buyer's market here in Central Texas, the real estate is hot. It's a seller's market. It's an ES. Yes it is. Yes. So you've got time on your side, you have nothing against you, you've got, do you have income coming in? Yes. Yes, so you're not you're not hurting. You don't need an investor to come in and like save you like a damsel in distress. No. Right. That's what I do. I save damsels in distress and you're a damsel but you're not a damsel in distress. Right. Well, what are you getting at with that? Nothing. I'm just telling, I think that I think that you're awesome and I think you're amazing but I think that you should go sell your house yourself or sell your house through a real estate agent. You're telling me something I already know. Well, there you go. So I got, you're telling me something I already want to, you're telling me what I'm already trying to do. Love it. So I'm just reaffirming and then I'm going to call, I'm going to call Chris after this and tell him he's a big knucklehead for not giving me better notes. Okay. Well, I thank you and I appreciate your call. You're amazing. Thank you. Okay. All right. All right. Bye-bye. Guys, going for the know is just important as going for the yes. Next, we talked about this earlier in the day where I said what sign does a seller sign are they holding? Are they signing, holding a sign that says help me? Does that lady need help? That lady needs no help. And the previous seller, which we're going to get a contract on easy with Olaf. Homeboys like yo bro, I've lost 50 grand. Like he has pain. That's what we're looking for. We're looking for distressed property owners and go for the know. You heard me keep going for the know like, I don't think you should sell to me. I don't think you should sell to me. I don't, I don't think you should sell to me. So Chris, I love this. It's a great example for you guys to go through and you want to explore and make sure that before you discount a seller and you say, Hey, I'm probably not a good fit for you. Tell them what I told you as an investor, I'm looking for one of two things. I'm looking for a discount on your home or I'm looking for cash or I'm looking for terms on the purchase price. And if she's like, nope, to either one of those, great. That's kind of what I was thinking. You should sell to an agent. Yeah, you're right. I should just sell through an agent. There's nothing you can do there other than waste your time. Go for the know every single time. Go for the know. Go for the know. I'm going to turn the air conditioning down for a second. I will be right back. Do you want to think that's no man? Oh, yeah, he's amazing. Oh, that was great. Yeah, that was really good. That was great. You can always call him when you go before you click up for it. You get all the information called you to download. You can have clicky notes or things like that. Oh, there's much sandwich. I'm right into it. Really, really interesting, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Really? Sorry, guys. I'm resetting up. I'm resetting up everybody on YouTube. There's always people that get stuck on the Facebook group. But the problem with Facebook is that it... Every seven hours it kicks us off. And I've been on here now seven hours and ten minutes. And so what will happen is people will get kicked off. Let's see here. Remove. Remove. Okay, cool. Let's add this back. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. All right. Let's save those changes. All right. All right. You got to go for the know, right, guys? Did anybody learn that? Anybody learn anything on that call? You got 600 plus people watching this right now. Give me 600 yeses. Did you guys learn something on that call? This is why I make these calls for you guys. So you guys need to know not to waste your time on stupid stuff. Right. We're looking for people we can help.