 Tell you something, Jamil, have you ever had a negative bank account in your life? Hell yeah. Any circumstances you've remembered in the past. By the way, I know how much the money this guy has. He shows me his bank account every day. So, it's not negative anymore. What were the circumstances that got me to negative? No, just like, what were you going through at that time? Bro, all of it. And I was, I was, I sucked. I was that person that just, everything was happening in my life that I thought was outside of my control. I was affected by my environment. I was affected by people. I was affected by everything. And everything stopped me. I was paralyzed, paralyzed from inaction, paralyzed because I wanted to let myself be victimized, paralyzed from my own behaviors, paralyzed from my own stories, paralyzed from my own incompetency, paralyzed from my own behaviors, paralyzed from my own addiction, paralyzed from everything. Life sucked balls. And that's just a product of not having purpose, not knowing why you wake up every day. And what it is God put you on this planet to do. And I feel like, I know your story about living in LA and then ultimately moving to Arizona on 12, 12, 2012. The day you moved to Arizona was on 12, 12, 2012. It was because somebody gave you an opportunity, Mr. Tim Wynn, who I know, gave you an opportunity, showed you a path of making a ton of money and you trusted in that path and you came and moved out to Arizona on 12, 12, 2012. Yes, sir. What were you going through at that time? Do you remember? I don't want to get into anything personal for you, but you had, like you couldn't even afford your, your wife's medication. No. I moved from LA to Phoenix, you know, for those of you that know I was trying to make it as a comedian and Los Angeles and it didn't work. But I saw an opportunity for myself in real estate and I had already made it once really big in real estate, but I lost it all in the financial crisis of O8 and I needed to do something different because comedy wasn't paying and I was engaged and I was about to inherit a family. I needed to get my act together. I needed to make something happen. And the worst part was, Paces, you know, I bring my fiancee at the time now my wife Natalie to Phoenix and within a couple of months of her moving to Phoenix, the poor girl gets a super bug. And for those of you that aren't aware of what a super bug is, a super bug is an antibiotic resistant virus or bacteria that will ultimately kill you because nothing will kill it. And so, or very strong or very rare antibiotics, expensive antibiotics are what's needed to kill the bug. And so after about a month of my wife suffering, we almost lost her, right? She almost passed because of it and she was literally on her deathbed in our home waiting for just what was going to happen. And I felt like the biggest loser in the world because I couldn't pay $6,000 for my wife's prescription. Because that's what it cost and I didn't have health insurance. And that is not an okay place to be, but I'll tell you what, on the Sunday morning that I woke up and I decided that I just wasn't going to stop until I connected the dots and put something together, I ended up making a call to Chris Eiman, who ultimately bought two houses from me that day. And that Monday, I was able to get a check for I think $7 or $8,000 and I ran right to the pharmacy and I paid that prescription. I got my wife better and a few months later, my life was different. The reason why I wanted you to tell that story, thank you so much, is I want people to recognize, even though we've got 1,300 people in here right now anticipating who's going to win the car. A lot of people think that they are married to their circumstances or their environment, maybe they're just stuck, maybe they feel like no matter what happens to them, they feel like they're running in quicksand. And I wanted to show you guys that somebody like Jamil Damdew, who does 90 to 100 deals a month worth millions and millions of dollars has a TV show traveling all over the country doing epic, epic stuff at one point, couldn't even afford health insurance, which resulted in not being able to afford his own wife, the woman who he married and that you promised at the altar that you would provide for her financially, you couldn't even afford her medication. There's nothing more emasculating, there is nothing more desperate than being in a position where you can't uphold a promise that you've made to your wife. I can't say that, I can't stress that enough. And so any of you guys that are going through it right now that are living through a calamity, an adversity, an obstacle, self-doubt, self-worth issues, anything that you might be going through right now that's stopping you from reaching your potential or at least taking a step towards your potential because guys reaching your potential is fake. I'm never, God, may I never reach my potential because I want to always grow. I want to always grow. But you've got to get to where you're headed, you've got to get to the next stop, you've got to get to what's next. And I hope that if any of you are sitting on the other side of this screen right now and something's in your life, something's happening that is an ideal that you understand that there's hope, that you're here and you are taking a step towards proving to not only yourself but to your creator and to your family and to the people that care about you and to the universe that will provide you new opportunities and doors to walk through that you're here for it. And that's what matters. Thank you, brother. One last question for you before we announce the winner. We got 1,320 people all here showed up for Amy. People like, wait, we're giving away a car. One last question. I invented time machine. I walk over to you right now and I say, hey, jump in this time machine in the state that you have a TV show. You're about to give away a car and change somebody's life. You change somebody's life every single day with what you're doing and how hard you work and the people that you serve all the time. I mean, this is probably the 50th time you and I have given away something significant. But here you are giving away a car to somebody, hopefully changing their life. Guys, we literally went out and bought this car, got the title, paid cash for this thing, just to give it away. We didn't win this thing. Somebody can gift this to us. We went down and I had Eric on my team actually go through and look for a car that's super economical. We looked at gas prices and we saw what was going on. We hear a lot of what is happening in people's lives right now. Here you are affecting change and doing things and manifesting. You can jump into that time machine and go back to the moment when you found out you won't be able to pay for your wife's medication. What's one thing or a couple of things, a couple sentences you would have said to yourself, either uplift yourself or show yourself like, hey, man, this is what's, you know, is the future for you. What's one piece of advice you would tell yourself? Honestly, and this is so corny, but I would go back and just tell myself, you're exactly where you need to be. Keep going. Damn, that's good. Every one of you are exactly where you're supposed to be. Keep going. Every one of you, you are exactly where you are supposed to be. Keep going. Amazing. All right, brother, let's change some of his life. Heavy.