 All right, everybody, let's get started. Let's go through right out of the gate. What are the five questions you think everybody has over and over and over about raising private capital? What are the same five questions? Okay, I'll give you a hint. Number one, why? Why do I need a private lender? Why is this so important? There's books written about it. There's people doing seminars about it. There's people charging. One time I paid somebody $25,000 to teach me how to raise private capital. And after three weeks in the class, I was teaching the class and it ended up getting a reimbursement for my $25,000. But there are people that charge $25,000. The teacher that I paid $25,000 to ended up asking me to teach the class because I actually raised more money than the teacher did. Okay, so I got reimbursed. And but people always want to know, like, why do I need a private lender? What do I use them for? What is the advantage of having private money lenders? And private money lenders are a third of your success in real estate, okay? So there's three ways that your business, your real estate business is going to succeed. You're gonna have three parts. You're gonna have to find deal. You're gonna have to find money and then you're gonna have to manage that deal. Whatever the exit strategy is, could be a rental, could be a fixed-and-flip, could be an Airbnb, whatever, right? There's three parts to a deal, finding a deal, funding a deal, and then long-term management of that deal. So there's a third. The money aspect of this is a third of this business. And a lot of people don't really break it down that way, but private money, or we'll talk a little bit about hard money, but we'll talk about the difference between private money and hard money. There's a dramatic difference. But it's why. Number one question I get is, why do I need a private money lender? What would I use them for? Okay, so we'll go through that today. Why do I need one? And then a couple of, the next question is, where do I find these creatures? Where do I find these creatures? We're gonna talk about that today too. So where? And then we're gonna talk about a lot of times people wanna know who these people are, okay? Who are these people? Like, why would they lend to me? Is essentially what they're asking. Who are these people? Why would they lend to me? And then another question I get all the time is, how? Right, how do I structure? How do I talk to them? How do I make them secure? How? So we got the why? We got the where? We got the who? We got the how, okay? And then when I get another question called that starts with a when, and that question is when do I pay them off? Like when do I actually pay them off? How do I pay them back, right? That question. What do I pay them back? Right? Right? Right?