 because you can be close to me in case right? No, I just want to see you père. Sure, everyone's popping over here from the zoom with pace and Vina. I was just there. Paces here with me too. Yo, what up guys? So sorry for being a couple minutes late. I apologize so much. I'm so sorry. Um, had a little bit of a snafu with my timing. I was like, I want to be on multiple zooms today. I want to be on house arrest inside of zoom. So I might as well do four zooms back to back to back to back to back. I have 10 zooms or 10 hours of zoom today. It's going to be a lot of fun. Um, so today. Robyn says you're arrested house arrest. I am, I'm sitting here all day today, 10 hours. It'll be great. Couple of things I want to cover today. Um, we had a couple of good conversations yesterday, um, with, uh, transaction coordinator. And I want to make sure that we highlight some of these awesome things inside of Gator to make sure that everybody, um, a lot of a second. Let me mute everybody real quick. I always will make a mistake to forget to do that. I want to cover a couple of things. I also have, um, some cool, really special announcements for you guys. So please pay attention, write these things down, let the other Gators know. We're going to be bringing a lot more fulfillment and help into the Gator, um, tribe and it's going to consist of my team coming in and helping out with the paperwork, the legalities, et cetera. Here's a couple of things we're going to be doing. Number one, Molly, I got to give her love for this. Molly is going to be coming in on a weekly basis. And Rob Seema will be joining her, um, sometimes most of the time, sometimes depending on what he has going on, we'll be doing a Zoom every Wednesday, 10 a.m. Okay. Wednesday 10. Oh, no, what time, Molly? She's shaking her head. No, you're wrong. Okay, let me fix it. What do you got? What time Monday? Monday is it new? That's right. Monday is it new and I'm so sorry guys. She heard Wednesdays or stacks. So Wednesdays at noon starting next Monday. Monday is a shoot. What Monday noon, Arizona time, every, by the way, every time zone that we talk about is always going to be in Arizona time frame. Always, okay. The reason being is because it's the only reliable time zone in the country, because we don't change. We're always the same. It's you guys that change. We stay the same. You all you knuckleheads all over the country, you guys change your time zones. So Molly's going to come in on Mondays. It's going to be called Gator feeding. Make sure that we are looking at your deals, because I see a lot of stuff in the Discord channel. And I'm like, man, some of this stuff is misguided. Some people are giving advice in there that are, are, don't know what they're talking about. And so we want to make sure that there is an authority on a weekly basis that can look at your guys' opportunities, look at your deals and make sure that there is kind of like a deal or no deal type of format, right? Like somebody goes through and says, Hey, I want to lend $5,000 on this deal and JV with this person and make $5,000 in 10 days. And we go, great. And then Molly's going to go through and ask questions ago, okay, have you talked to the title company? Have you done this? Have you done your steps? Have you gone through the process that we, that pays trains? Oh, no, I haven't done that. No, I haven't done that. Okay. Well, then I don't think it's a deal until you do those things, right? Molly will help out with that. Then the second zoom that we will be, we will be doing is every Thursday, Allison Gustafson, my transaction coordinator will come in and talk about general real estate transactions and paperwork. This is every Thursday. So now instead of us going from a once a month training, okay, once, once a month training with me, we're going to go to maybe two months, two times a month training with me and two times a week training with my team, looking at deals, structuring paperwork, et cetera. Okay. Now a third thing that we're going to be bringing to the table is I'm going to start bringing in Sean St. Claire, my contract attorney, one time a month. Okay. This will cost me, he's, I think $450 an hour. It'll cost me $900 a month to bring him in here. And what we're going to do is anybody has contract questions or legal questions or any of that kind of stuff. I'm going to bring Sean St. Claire in here until I don't need to, right? Like people, I saw some chirpings in the Discord channel about, oh, well, we're not allowed to lend money in second lean position, which is absolutely incorrect. 1000% so inexperience of a statement that I'm like, ooh, that would be a really good topic. Be good to hear it from me, but it would be great to hear it from a contract attorney that actually does this and is trained and licensed to do so. So we'll be bringing him in to do a lot of that kind of stuff. What do you guys think? What are your guys thoughts on that? Lenny, Josh, Jack, you guys like all that? Okay. Did everybody get the email, by the way, for this zoom? I just put it in Facebook again. Is there a way for us to live stream to Facebook? Because Carly was going to teach me how to do that. I don't know if we can put it in. Yeah. So what you do is you go down to the more tab and it will say live on Facebook, but you have to kind of configure that beforehand of which Facebook will go into. I'll do it next time. Let me just make sure before we get into everything today, I want to call Carly just real quick. Okay. She put it I see her as a featured post in Facebook. I don't know if it went out as an email. Yeah. It needs to be these things. They have to go out as an email. Nobody's going to check the Facebook group. So let me just call Carly real fast. Guys, I'm so stoked about this zoom. I haven't done a whole bunch of the gator transactions, like gotten dived into the paperwork or done any of that. So this will be my first time doing it. I'm so stoked about it because we want to do more of this. And I want to see what you guys are working on and hear your stories. And and I think that this this group itself is in its infancy. And there's so much that like you're all kind of learning together. And we're all starting this all together. And so there's going to be a lot of like talks of what we can and can't do and and clarifications on those things. And I think that's what's the best about being in this in the beginning is all of you are like the pioneers, the first people to do it that'll be guiding people in the future on how to do this as this group builds, you know. Carly is stranded in the middle of nowhere. Uh oh. Okay, so let's go through a couple of topics. Okay, couple of topics, topic number one. And I'm going to point people to the zoom so we can make sure that everybody understands this topic number one. We're going to talk about mutual release states. Okay, mutual release states. We've already done this training, but I just want to go over it again. What I see is I hear people coming, especially transaction coordinators, that you guys will go out and hire. I'm had a great conversation with the gentleman yesterday, who's a great transaction coordinator says, Hey, pace, I see an issue with the mutual release states. And what does that mean? The mutual release states means that if I'm a gator, um, business, and I come in and I JB was somebody by bringing 2000, 3000, 5000, 10,000, whatever it is to their transaction. Let me just whiteboard this for a second. I want to make sure that I am on the up and up. And I want to make sure that the title company that I'm doing the business with because if we already know this, here's me, the gator, and I'm looking around for opportunities and I see this whole seller. Okay, whole seller has a contract with a, a seller buying his house. And this little contract that they have together, the purchase and sell agreement, obviously this contract goes to a title company. So it's an a title company, the title company, they said there and go, okay, I know exactly what we need to do because I'm going to read what's on the contract. Well, depending on the title company, they might have a mutual release state, which means, that the EMD, the money that you guys are bringing to the table that earn us money deposit can only be released back to the buyer, back to this person or back to you. If the seller gives a mutual release saying, Hey, yeah, you know what? I know we had a 10 day inspection period, but I don't want that money going back to them. Okay, Houston is a really good example. I'll give you a great example of two deals in Houston, Texas right now. From maybe six, seven years ago, that I was in the middle of doing Gator lending six, seven years ago and these title companies still have my $1,000 EMD. They didn't give it to the seller. They didn't give it back to me. It literally is sitting inside that title, that title office. Why? I didn't buy the deal. I ended up canceling within my inspection period. Why didn't I get my $1,000 back? Well, because two things didn't happen. Number one, I didn't have the right paperwork, which we do now. You guys every purchase agreement that we have and we've gone through the training with Sean St. Clare. So if you guys are saying, well, I don't know how to fill out the paperwork. Well, that's because you skipped a training. Okay. So if you skipped a training, go back and watch that training with Sean St. Clare, I think it was training number seven. If I'm, if I'm correct. Okay. And then that's number one, I didn't have the right paperwork. My paperwork didn't state that the seller is releasing their mutual, their mutual release requirement or their ability. And then the second thing is I never actually talked to the title company and, and made sure that I was going to get my money back. Okay. So again, in training number seven, we talk about this. We say you need to have the right paperwork and you need to personally as the gator or as the TC of the gator transaction coordinator of the gator, 100% of the time. You need to call the title company and say, Hey, I'm coming in as a gator or I'm coming in as an EMD partner. I'm bringing the EMD to the trend to the transaction. And if the inspection period is 10 days and we canceled during that inspection period, the contract states that I get my earnest money back regardless of what that seller says because they've already released it to you ahead of time. I just want to have confirmation in writing via email. Can you just send me an email saying you understand this and we're good to go. Once I get that email, then we'll open escrow with you. Okay. If you're not doing those two things on your mutual release states, you're going to run into an issue. Now Arizona doesn't require mutual release. Okay. Texas does. Other states do. It's probably about 20% of the states require mutual release, which means if I get under contract with Molly, okay. Let's say I'm going to buy Molly's house and Molly and I get into a contract and I take this contract. Okay. I take this contract and I walk it down to the title company. My contract needs to state that I have a 10 day inspection period. And if during that inspection, I find a crack in the concrete, a doorbell, a color I don't like, the neighbors suck, the weeds are overgrown. Whatever the reason is, I can cancel for any reason. The contract always say that that is always standard 10 day inspection period in any transaction that's standard. What's not standard is that the state, depending on the state, will have a mutual release requirement. Okay. And that means that even though I canceled during my inspection period with with Molly, Molly, the seller can say, I'm so mad at pace that I know the earnest money is not going to come to me, but I don't want him getting it back. And so they'll literally the title company will sit on that money until you guys mutually agree that it's going to get released to whatever party. Okay. So our contract, our paperwork that was written by an attorney who is who is not only licensed in a escrow state, but also licensed in an attorney state, both Georgia and Arizona, understands the laws of mutual release and non-mutually states at a very high level. The paperwork that was created and trained on specifically says that even if this seller at some point changes their mind about not releasing the EMD to you, it is the title company's obligation to release it to you. Okay. The paperwork is correctly written 100%. And I've never one time ever seen a title company who has reached out to and you got written approval from them ever decide not to release your earnest money. Okay. So this is going to continually come up. I promise you will continually come up and I will continually push people to this zoom. And remind them that we've done the training. We've gone through the things. And when somebody comes and says, I'm having a problem. I go, it's because you didn't call the title company and you didn't point out that in the purchase and sale agreement, that it has a mutual release, meaning Molly signed a doc in my purchase and sale agreement, Molly signed and said that she will, she is not required to have a release of my earnest money because she's already already releasing it back to me as long as I cancel during what everybody? When do I have to cancel in order to get my earnest money back? Inspection period. Cool. So let's pull actually I'd love to pull up the contract. We can go through this. We've done this multiple times, but I'll do it again. Just for like my own like get this off my chest, make sure that we've done this. And also Molly has not been in any of our training. So let me just go through and pull this up so you guys can see this. Okay. New new, let's see, where's that wholesale contract? New new. Okay. Dada Dada. Let's see here if I can find this. Choice of a lot. Marketing contract. Addendum. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Perfect. It's only a two page contract. We re re rewrote this. This contract costs me more money to write than your guys's entire cost to get into Gator. Okay. So here's the purchase and sell agreement. If you guys are working with wholesalers, please make sure that you are using this purchase and purchase contract and ask for instructions. And if for some reason, you can't what should you guys be doing? If you can't use this contract, let's say the wholesaler hasn't used this contract. What should you be doing to make sure your interests as a Gator are covered? What should you be doing? Addendum, addendum, addendum. Love it, love it, love it, love it. Addendum. You should have an addendum. And I'm going to make sure thank you guys. It shows me that you guys know. You should have an addendum that states these things, the most important thing. Okay. You want to make sure it obviously has the escrow instructions, but you also want to have the inspection period, okay, the days. And what I would be doing as well as I would clarify for your state and your title company, how they look at those days, because some title companies and some states, by the way, look at inspection days as. Okay. As a business day or a calendar day, there, there's a difference. A business day is Monday through Friday, not including holidays. A calendar day is literally just any day. Okay. So the one that you really want in here is right here. Okay. Number five instruction to release the deposit upon cancellation during inspection period. The seller here by irrevocably instructs the escrow agent to return the deposit to the buyer. Okay. Or to any person or entity designated by the buyer to receive the deposit. Who would that be? Who would that person be in this transaction? Would that be the whole seller that receives the money or would it be inside your JV agreement? If you're the Gator, it would go back to the Gator. Is that correct? Cool. If buyer elects to cancel this contract during the inspection period and no further written instructions are required for escrow agent to release the deposit to buyer or to any person or entity designated by buyer to receive the deposit. seller here by waves any rights under state or other local law or other law to object to the release of this to of the deposit. If this contract is canceled by buyer during the inspection period and waves any right to provide any additional written consent to the release of this deposit. If this contract is canceled by the buyer during the inspection period. Okay. Your seller not only are they going to sign on the individual page with their initial, but they will sign with their full signature down here below. Okay. I'm going to say this one more time. I have never nor will I ever see earnus money refused to come back to the to the whole seller or the Gator depending on who it's going back to. I have never and I will never see a situation where you introduced yourself to the title company pointed out to them that your your contract or your addendum depending on which one you got to do go with. Has the mutual release in it and you get a written email back in back from the escrow sir handling your transaction saying yes, I understand. And yes, we get it. Your seller has already released the earnus money to you through your contract totally understand. I've never seen that nor will I ever see that anytime somebody has an issue with earnus money being released to them is because you didn't call. Introduce yourself tell the title company what kind of transaction you're doing and request them to email you back in response to your email so check this out. This is this is how I would do it. Let me pull this up and I'll show you guys how easy this is. Okay. If I download I'm going to download this document the whole cell contract. And I'm going to put it on my desktop and I'm going to email it to a title rep right now. Okay. I'll show you if I'm a transaction coordinator or I am the Gator themselves doing my transaction coordination on my own. That's what you want to do. I'm going to show you what to write. See where is that contract. Okay. So this is how we open us grow. I write it to Daniel Pendergrass. Yeah. Clear title. That's our title company or local. I would copy Molly my transaction coordinator if that's who would actually a copy Allison on this and they're both going to be like. What what what transaction because it's a blank contract. Okay. So I'll write Allison an email and I'll say opening a new escrow. By the way, don't just email this in writing. You need to call them and make sure they reply to the email. Daniel, good morning. My name is El Minio Montoya. You killed my father prepared to die. My name is pace Morby. I am joint venturing with blah, blah, blah, whoever the name of the whole seller is or the agent or whoever the person is. I'm joint venturing with blah, blah, blah. Here is the purchase contract. The joint venture agreement. By the way, Sean St. Clair, we talked about the joint venture agreement. You guys have access to that. You should be attaching your joint venture agreement. Your joint venture agreement also gives you the ability to make sure that your title wrap is getting you paid when they close escrow. Okay. Here's the purchase contract. The joint venture agreement for this transaction. Before we officially open escrow. I need to make sure that we both understand the protocol of how the EMD or Ernest Money Deposit, depending on how you want to type it out. They know what EMD is. But some people listening to this in the future don't. The Ernest Money Deposit is handled in the event of a contract cancelling. Can you reply back to this email stating how you handle inspection days, how you handle the following? How about this? By the way, I'm just scripting this out for the first time. One, do you understand the seller has already released their EMD back to us as long as we cancel during the inspection period? Question mark. This is important because a good amount of our contracts will cancel due to funding issues, problems with the property, or even issues with title on the property itself. We always assume the contract will cancel. I need to make sure you understand the seller has already released the EMD in the purchase contract back to us. Sorry for this to be long and boring for you guys, but this is just for future trainings for people. When somebody comes to Molly or somebody comes and says, hey, I didn't get my EMD back, I can point to them and say, you didn't do what you're trained to do. This might be a little annoying, but I promise you I had a conversation about 30 days ago. I had one of the gators call me, oh my gosh, I'm going to lose $30,000. I go, turns out they're not going to, which is great. I said, oh, let me guess. Not that I need to guess, but let me guess. You didn't talk to the actual title company. They go, nope, I did not talk to the actual title coming out. It was a phone call. Why didn't you make a phone call and introduce yourself and tell the people who are going to pay you. Tell them that who you are and make sure that they have all their paperwork in a row. Can't assume anybody's doing their job properly, especially in today's age. And number two, you didn't write them an email and get a reply back. They go, nope, I didn't do that either. I go, but do you remember the training I did and they go, yeah, actually we do. I go, okay, so you screwed up. They go, yep, we screwed up. So I'm doing this training a second time and I'm just going a little bit deeper this time. Actually typing out the email and how I would type it out if I was either the transaction coordinator or the gator funding joint venture partner. So again, let's go back to the email. Can you reply to this email stating how you handle the following? Number one, do you understand the seller has already released a spell things properly? Has already released their EMD back to us as long as we cancelled during the inspection period? This is important because a good amount of our contracts will cancel due to funding issues, problems with the property or even issues with title on the property itself. We always assume the contract will cancel and I need to make sure that you understand the seller has already released the EMD in the purchase contract back to us. I have attached a copy of this purchase contract. Hello. Then in number two, you want to make sure this is just common business practice, but let's just put in typing so we can make sure we have this in the training. Please tell us if you are counting the calendar days or the inspection period or the business days or the inspection period. Now I have a little bit of a tip here which I'll deviate for just a minute and talk to you guys about. Here's a really smart thing you can do for inspection periods. Okay, there's a couple of really smart things you can do. Number one, instead of it saying inspection period blank days, you can cross that out and just say the date in which your inspection period ends and at what time. Okay, so you can literally go into the contract and says inspection period blank days. Cross that out and say June 30th, 431 PM, inspection period ends. Okay, pretty simple, right? You don't have to go and rely on business days or calendar days. It's pretty simple. You can just say the exact day and time that you want. It's pretty magical what you can write anything you write into a contract becomes the contract. Okay, so make sure that if that's something important to you in your transaction as the gator that's coming in and doing the JV with them, make sure you guys are actually going through and crafting this according to your business model and your guys' desired outcome. Okay, second thing you can do is you can state that the inspection period automatically renews okay, automatically renews that you can do this in any way you want. Okay, you can say something like inspection period such in such date or buyer can extend extend inspection by five additional days by a simple email to title saying hey guys, we need five more days. Whatever you write in that contract, the title and escrow company is required by law to follow. Okay, they are required by law to follow as long as the seller and you sign that contract and agree to those terms. It doesn't matter what the state law is. What matters, the state law is statutes and then whatever you guys put in your contract basically nullifies and either A goes around that or it validates what your guys' agreement is by writing it down, putting the date and what you plan on doing. I don't do that. It's too much of a hassle. For us, we know within three maybe four days. We're never going the full distance. Okay, if you have a deal, I'm going to give you guys advice, please pay attention to me. If you are the gator on a transaction, right, we've had a lady made 50 grand, we had another lady made 65,000, we had another lady made 14 grand just in the last like 30 days. A lot of people making a lot of money with this. Okay, and what's happening is they're finding they're making sure that their wholesale JV partner already either A has a buyer or B, if they don't have a buyer within three or four days, they're canceling well before the 10 day inspection period and getting their money back. Never wait to the last moment. Okay, and that's what actually happened with the story with the gentleman. I won't say their names just to protect them, but they they might even be on the Zoom. You know, you don't know. I do. I know whether they are or not, which is why I'm not saying their name. So what happened is they tried to cancel and extend the escrow the day of the inspection period canceling, which was the weekend of Thanksgiving Friday after Thanksgiving. Do you think anybody was even inside the title and escrow office? Give me an answer in the side comments. Do you think anybody was working that literally they had their inspection period ending on Friday the day after Thanksgiving? Do you guys think that that's a smart move to have your inspection period end on that day? Okay. Do we do we agree with this that that's probably something you should do is look at the calendar. This is our money. We don't want to treat our money in our business casually. We want to treat our money in our business as serious as we treat our relationship with our children, our relationship with our employees, our relationship with our business partners, our relationship with our wife, our spouse, et cetera. Okay. Have your inspection period not land on a calendar on a day that's after Thanksgiving, after Christmas, the day before Thanksgiving. Guys, make sure you understand when your inspection period lands. It's really, really important. That's also the day you know, I'm locked in. That's the day I know I'm good. I'm going to make my money. Okay. Here's another piece of advice around inspection periods. Okay. If you have a buyer, okay. So this is the transaction, right? Where this is essentially how this all works. Here's my seller. Here's their house. Here's my whole seller and here's their contract between the two of them. That contract goes to a title company. Title company starts working up their magic and what happens is the title company goes, hey, whole seller. Where's my EMD money? Whole seller goes, oh my gosh, I need a gator. So gator comes in here. That's you and you guys wire money, 1000 to 10,000 to whatever the whatever the number is, you wire it to title. Don't be so quick to wire that money. You got to make sure you're writing this email first and you are introducing yourself and making sure you have your JV agreement. You have the you understand what inspection period and what day you need to participate and understand because here's what's going to happen. This whole seller or this agent or whoever, they're going to be going out and finding a buyer and that buyer needs to wire their money to title before the inspection period is over. So let's say that my inspect, I might we open up our transaction on January 1st and I have an inspection period all the way to January 10th. Just because my buyer signs a contract right here on January 7th doesn't mean that I'm in the clear. The day that I'm in the clear is the day that my buyer on that transaction does what guys. Yes, I am going to wait for the answer. There you go, Nick Marino. My buyer has to send in their earnest money. Okay, they wire the money and if on day number seven, even if my wholesaler says I got my buyer, they're good, they're signed the contract. If that buyer has not wired the money to the title company, what should I be doing as the Gator joint venture partner on that deal? What should I do to protect my interest? There you go. Jack Schneider's got it. Cancel the deal and get your EMD back. Okay. Hey, that was a good practice run. Great job. You're going to have a lot of those. Welcome to business. You're going to have a lot of that stuff, right? It's the same thing with when I was a contractor. You know what I would have to do to land a job. I'd have to go out and do seven, eight bids before I got one job. Nobody ever told me I was going to be a contractor and have to run around and spend literally 30% of my time looking for business. What's the same thing with selling subway sandwiches? How many times does somebody drive by a subway sandwich shop where somebody spinning a sign saying, we want your business, we want your business, we want your business, how many thousands of people pass that sign and essentially say no to giving subway that business that day. Literally thousands of people. So how do you think you're any different? If you want to be in business, you're not going to land 100% of your deals in any business. Okay. Any business. Okay. Oh, Molly is silenced. No, she's, I think she's co-host. Oh, she's not. Okay, am I bad? I was like, I feel bad. I'm just ranting on. I can't hear you. I'm like, am I ever this silent? Never. Never. I'm like, so Molly, have you ever been a part of a business or ever seen anybody's business that you ever known that just every time a customer walks in the door, they become a solid customer that pays and they make money on every transaction? I mean, of course, yes, or rarely. Have you ever seen, have you ever seen like maybe even in like the auto industry, the auto repair business? Customers come in for a repair. They get a quote on the repair and they go, yeah, I'm just giving the keys in my car. I'll take off. Yeah. Well, guys, what was I going to say? The reason I was wanting to be unmuted is because like how many of you, especially with EMD, somebody comes to you and they're like, EMD goes hard tomorrow. I still don't have my EMD and I need to find a cater to get my EMD in tomorrow, right? And you're like, okay, I want to do this because I could make some good money doing this, but I also feel like I haven't had the proper amount of time, right? To vet this. And so what pace is saying is like, that's not how this should work. So you need to outline your rules and just because someone comes to you and it's the first deal that's come into your lap and you need to make it happen, doesn't mean you have to do it. People are very good at making you feel pressured. Oh, yeah. Something, right? Like their emotions are especially, I'm sure there's a lot of people who are and empaths and here I am, right? So it's hard for me in the beginning when people come to us and be like, peace, they need this and they need it tomorrow, you know? And so I had to learn to like really reel that back and be able to be like, okay, that's not smart. That's an emotional decision. That's not a smart logical decision. So making that decision and laying those outlined and saying, hey, anyone who's smart with this will say you need to have at least a few days and you need to have your end buyer in. If that person is saying, well, I just need my EMDN, but I have an end buyer that already has their EMDN, then maybe that's something you could potentially happen within a few days because they already have that person and their EMD is already secured in the amount of what you have at least, I would say, into the deal, right? Yeah. So Rob has a question. He says, so it's the so a couple of things for you guys. As the gator, you're not you're not only paying attention to the purchase contract, which is very important. We've done training on that. I think for about three hours brought in Sean St. Clair, but you're also, you will have an agreement, a written agreement, as the joint venture partner. You're not a lender. You're coming in with a resource and you know, the resource could be a deal. The resource could be a buyer. The resource could be capital to cover the EMD. You're coming in with a resource and you're coming in and sharing a portion of the deal. Again, not a percentage, but a portion of the deal. And you are a joint venture partner, which gives you the ability to communicate with the title company. It gives you the ability to cancel on the transaction if you need to. That is what the joint venture agreement gives you is the ability to cancel on behalf of the whole seller and say, hey, then this is again, why the title company needs to understand your relationship. And this is why I'm also writing out this email and showing you guys as the gator or if you're gator hiring a transaction coordinator, you need to make sure your transaction coordinator watches this zoom and make sure they have a physical email and they then follow it up with a phone call. Okay. Because they need the title company needs to know your relationship to the transaction. Same thing with the whole, just me being a wholesaler or a real estate agent. You guys know that as a real estate, hey, Molly, how do I get paid at a title company if I'm a real estate agent? Do they just know exactly how much to pay me or is there a document? No, there's a official document. I have to send commission instructions that are signed by my broker, right? Wow. So you're telling me that hundreds of thousands of transactions that happen every single month across the country in order for an agent to get paid their commission. An agent has to do the extra step of sending in official commission instructions that you then have to also have signed by your broker and then sent to title. Yeah, my broker has to prepare it and then send it to title. Interesting. Guys, welcome to real estate. This is this is how you make money in real estate document, document, document, document, document, document. If it's not documented, it didn't happen. And what you guys think and assume when you're brand new to real estate, you're like, Oh, yeah, the title company just knows stuff. No, they don't. They are the baker. They only bake what instructions were put in front of them. And you guys have to think from a formal lender purpose, like in a traditional contract where there's a mortgage company, Chase Bank comes in and there's a regular buyer and a regular seller of real estate agents. There are instructions for everyone, right? There's instructions for the commissions instructions for the buyer and sellers real estate agents. There's the contract that's the instructions of how they're going to purchase this property. And then the lender themselves, which is many times you guys, right? If you're doing lending, has instructions for the title company. So when we come to the table and just say, Yeah, I'm just the lender. I'm going to give this money. They're like, where are your instructions? Where's your written instructions? Send me written instructions on what to do. What does that mean? You know, the title company is governed by law. Okay, they're licensed to do what they're doing. And they also have a title. So an escrow officer is actually governed by a separate company called the title company. You guys don't know that these are actually two separate things. An escrow company and a title company are two different things. The title company ensures the transaction going well. And they have they have underwriters, they have lawyers, they have all sorts of things over here. The escrow officer has to adhere to their rules in order to make sure that transaction is insured and insurable. So what happens is they're going to be super critical about the paperwork. Okay, they're going to look at the paperwork and go, Well, real estate agent, this is not gator related. This is not creative finance related. This is not fixed and flip related. This is everything real estate related. 100% of transactions. Everybody that's getting paid in that transaction in every real estate deal across the globe. There has to be instructions to the escrow officer on how they're getting paid and how they're participating in that transaction. Every time 100% of the time somebody has to fill out an escrow or a commission instruction. So what we're doing with the JV agreement and making sure that we're writing this email is documenting and basically giving our commission instructions telling them, Hey, I'm the one that's lending $3,000 and at the end of the transaction, I'd not only get my $3,000 back, but a portion of the assignment fee needs to be dispersed to me out of that transaction. That needs to be clearly stated to that title and escrow company. Do we all give me a yes if we all agree with this? Give me an amen. Give me an amen. Lenny says, this is a good one because I have a good story for you. In the very beginning of the beginning of the year, I had a group of sub two students reach out to me go, pace, we got this really great deal. But the whole seller is pressuring us to wire the money today and they said, if we don't wire in an hour that they're going to lose that on the deal and go, tell them the answers know. I don't care if they said we're going to give you access to the golden gates, the pearly gates of heaven for lending on this deal. The answer is absolutely not. I'm not going to be pressured into that situation. I'm a business operator. I suggest you be a business operator as well. I would love to do future deals with you. You have to look at that as a gator and go, this is a missed opportunity unfortunately because you came to me in haste and I'm not going to operate my business in haste. But I do look forward to doing more deals with you in the future. Can you please get me involved in your transactions earlier, faster? In fact, as a good gator business practice, you should be texting your wholesalers, texting your real estate agents, texting your flippers, texting your title companies. By the way, if I were you guys, I'd be calling, you know, many title companies are all over the country. It's the number one way you want to be a gator lender called title companies. They're doing our title company does 120 transactions every month. Let me say that again. One title company will do over 100 transactions a month. When you drive around town, Molly, in any state, do you ever notice title companies? Oh, yeah. They're like as common as freaking Starbucks offices, right? They're usually around a Starbucks actually. Yeah, that's a smart, strategic business move. Like, we're going to have a title coming. So for all of you guys, pay attention to this. The number one place I would be finding opportunities is calling title companies and saying, Hey, my business practice is bringing earnest money to the table. Do you ever have wholesalers or people that open ask grow, but they don't have EMD title companies is like, yeah, like 80% of them. Okay. So a lack of planning on your part does not contribute an emergency on my part. Yes, that is very true. Love that. Okay. If I call the title company right now, we should do that, actually. I'll do that on a future training. I'll call title companies before you guys and show you, Hey, when you're not lazy, that's how you make money. And if you call title companies, you go, Hey, my name is pace morbby. My business practice is lending money for people's transactions and sometimes I cover people's EMD as a to become a partner on their deal. Do you ever have wholesalers that are opening as grow without EMD? They're going to go, yeah. And it puts them in very, very uncomfortable. By the way, I've already done training on this for an hour, but I'm just reiterating. This is like a reiteration zoom. Title companies 100% of the time will say, yeah, like all the time, like 80% of the wholesalers that open up as grow with us are basically making us lie to their sellers. How do I know this? I own title companies. It's one of the biggest issues in our title company is that wholesalers will open as grow. And then the seller will call and go, Hey, did that buy, did my buyer put an earnest money? Can I get a receipt? Please? And the title companies like, yeah, we'll follow, let us, we'll work on the paperwork. We'll get back to you. And they're sitting there like, Hey, wholesaler, I know we're trying to do business with you, but you haven't put an EMD. Okay. So as when you're following up with the front desk girl and you're following up with the escrow officer saying, Hey, any wholesalers that don't have EMD on their transactions, please connect me with them. Please connect me with them. Please connect me. This is how we do business. Okay, you don't go stand on the corner with your subway sandwich sign one day a week. You do it every day. It's called prospecting, marketing, building a business. Welcome to, welcome to make them making money, right? So, um, David's question is good. He's asking about that title companies. Like, yeah, this is good. We have to do this on creative finance all the time. I got a lot of stories there. What is a title company essentially is a group of human beings that you have to rely on to do their transaction properly, right? It's the same thing as a contractor. What is a contractor? Contractors a group of human beings that you hire to do their job properly and you have to make sure you've had a contractor, that a, a, a, a, a mechanic, a vet, a dentist event. You guys are out there looking at reviews, doing all these kind of things for everything else. It's no different with a title in escrow office. Okay. Um, if title companies are essentially just back, uh, bakers. Okay. Bakers using the rest, recipe were provide. And there is plentiful as Starbucks. What separates great title companies from mediocre title companies? Um, what can we look for when vetting title company since we, we know many public ratings like BB are manipulated, etc. Great question. Yes. BBC's great. If you guys want a plus rating on BBC or BBB plus or whatever, pay $600 a year. You'll get an A plus rating at Better Business Bureau. That's literally what it is. It costs 600 bucks. They want $600. They can make you look great on BBB. I mean, it's crazy. It's crazy. And what's crazy is when you decide, man, I'm not going to freaking be part. Then you also, here's what you're open to when you actually start with BBB because BBB will call you and they go, hey, we can get you an A plus rating 600 bucks. When you decide next year, like, if this, it didn't bring me any business. What it now you've done is you've given a place for people to go leave reviews on your thing and better business bureau will actually like amplify your negative reviews and call you and go, hey, we can help you take care of these reviews, but we need that 600 bucks. Yelp does the same thing, guys. That's why I always tell people, if you have the Yelp app, you're just the one of those people. So yeah, it's crazy. So here's what I would do. First and foremost, in our state, Maricopa County, where we do a lot of business, you probably have, I'm going to take a wild guess. I don't know how many there are, but I bet you there's over a thousand title companies. Oh, yeah. Okay. Maybe more. There's probably more because there's like 3000 brokerages, I think, or brokers in for real estate. It's in guys that there's endless amounts of business and gator, endless. Anybody that tells me they've done the work and have not done a gator deal is telling me, hey, I'm, I lied to you, pace. It's impossible for you to go and call title companies and not get a gator deal within a week. Okay. Impossible, physically impossible for you to do that. Well, what about hard money lenders, like people who are, who are lenders that are like working with wholesalers to do deals? Like do they ever reach out to other smaller lenders? Okay. You know, you know, that deal on the Apache junction flip that we're in the muddle over right now? Yeah. Do you know where we got that deal from one of our hard money lenders? Right. Yeah. The hard money lender goes, hey, one of our wholesalers backed out on this deal and we were going to fund it and we need somebody to buy this. Will you buy my, yeah, sure, we bought it. Nobody talks about this, but your job is to develop relationships in your local area and become an expert to a point where people reach out to you because they go, oh, I know pace covers EMD for people. Okay. Hard money lenders will never cover EMD. It's not their business practice. And so what ends up happening is people will go to a hard money lender and they'll say, hey, hard money lender, I'm going to buy this deal and the hard money lender says, okay, great. Let me talk to your title and escrow company. They find out you haven't put your EMD down and you look like a total jackass because you're asking the hard money lender for money, but you didn't even put the $3,000 down for EMD. So hard money lenders are a great place to get it. Title companies are a great place to get it. Real estate agents wholesalers to answer a David's question very specifically is after about a month, maybe two months, you'll know 50, 60 wholesalers, you'll know 50, 60 agents, you'll know a bunch of title companies that they're all using. Okay. What you'll find in Maricopa County is there's about 25 title companies that are very wholesale centric where all the wholesalers are doing all their business at those very specific title companies and everybody flocks to the ones that are doing wholesale. Same thing with creative finance. There's about 15 title companies in Maricopa County not only just do everybody does seller finance and sub two deals for the most part. Some of them are not as good at it, but there's about 15 that are just phenomenal at it and everybody knows who they are. So you just have to know who those people are in your local area. I think most do do most of you guys in here already know the title companies in your local area where investors are flocking to and doing business. If you don't, that's a problem. That's your number one source of business. It's not going to be your website. It's not going to be Facebook groups. Your number one source of business will be title companies and closing attorneys. 100%. Start looking at your contracts that are reincident to you to request funding because usually it'll have the title companies on there. What the people are using. Yeah, it's interesting. So like, think about this, right? Let's say that you and I are running a cleaning business, for example. Oh, this is a great example. I just bought a dog grooming business, zero dollars down, and the dog grooming business owner just sent me a tag. You want to see the text message? He says to me, good morning. If you're interested in a very well established local trucking company, let me know. I've got a tired landlord situation you could buy with zero dollars down as well. Literally just sent me that text message a couple of hours ago. So I could go buy that business zero dollars down, but guess what I have to do? Just because it's an established business doesn't mean anything to me. What it means is I still have to go out and market and prospect and brand myself to bring in customers in the door. So one of the hardest things about being in any sort of business is that you have to learn some business basics. Okay. So let's say that I decide I'm going to buy a dog grooming business. I'll tell you the breakdown of this business right now. It's a single guy. He I asked him, I go, how much are you making on a monthly basis? He goes, I make about four grand a month in income on a, I'm like, okay. So you take home foreground. He goes, no, that's how much I bill. I'm like, hold on. You got a full time dog grooming business only doing four grand a month. He goes, well, yeah. I'm like, we're what's going on? Tell me the truth. There's something going on here because there's no way you can survive on four grand a month. You got three kids. You got a wife. You got all this stuff. Four grand a month ain't shit. You know, like what's going on? He says, well, I have another four grand a month that I bring in on cash, but I don't report it. I'm like, okay, but that's still income, bro. Like let's, can we just have a normal conversation that I don't have to decide whether we're talking about cash or credit? How much income do you have? He goes, oh, about $8,000. Okay. Now we can have a conversation. How much does it cost for you to run the business? He goes, it cost me about two grand with my rent, my shampoo, my this, my that. Okay. You're at two grand. So you're taking home about $72,000 a year. He goes, yeah, I go great. How many groomers do you have? Me? How many appointments are you taking? Four. Okay. So four appointments a day. Net you about $72,000 a year. He goes, yeah, I don't work Sundays and Mondays. Now the business owner of me is starting to calculate things. Maybe Molly's doing the same thing in her mind, like right now, like, okay, well, how do I make 150 grand a year? So guys, how do I make 150,000 dollars a year if I already have this business? Do I just get better at grooming and faster? Right. Eight appointments a day. But how do I get to eight appointments a day? And even if I hired another groomer today, that's not the answer. Hiring the groomer is not the answer. What's step number one? More leads. Marketing, prospecting. So what would I do? This is what I talked about yesterday. There's two things I talked about. This is like easiest layup thing because business is business is business is business is business is same shit all over the place. It's same exact thing. Sorry for cussing. My news resolution should be no more shit words. Okay. Hi. Oh, I'm not going to eat that. But thank you so much. Oh, don't you wish. Does everyone in the Zoom wish they just had a Laura Morby around to come bring them food and then you can be like, no, I won't eat that. It's a cookie. I don't want to have it for the first thing I eat for the day. It's not new here yet. So you can eat a cookie. It's a secret. Hi. Hi. Can you wave at me? Say hi. Look at her hair growing in. Isn't it so cute? Okay. So here's like looking at that dog, that dog grooming business. Okay. What do I got to do? Right? It's obvious. I need another groomer. It's obviously another groomer. How do you pay for that groomer? If the sixth grand you're bringing in every you're bringing in eight. It's costing you to you take that sixth grand you pay all your bills. You have no more money for payroll. What do we do? What's our first step guys in a dog grooming business? Okay. David Finch, you're saying get get another groomer. That's not step number one. But really good answers though. Ten years says automation. Okay. Figure out where the dogs are. Where the dogs are. Who let the dogs out? Right? How do we how do we do this? Here's how here's you want to know how a dog grooming business does this? I'll tell you it's very simple and you'll you'll you'll be like, Oh, that's so damn simple. No, with no extra real money. No extra real money. No technology either. You stumped everyone. This is what you do. Literally, this is what my dad did for his painting business. Same exact thing. David Britt got it. What you do is you go to all the apartment complexes in the entire area. We found 15 of them within a mile. Mile ever any which way there's 15 apartment complexes and you literally go door to door to door to door to door and you stick a peat doesn't even have to be business cards. It doesn't have to be anything fancy. You could literally write it with a crayon and tear the paper and tape it to you could take gum and stick it on somebody's door and you would get customers. I don't want about that one. I'm going to do it just to show people. You can't put gum on someone's door. Yeah. Or or glue hot hot glue. You go. I'll bring a hot glue gun. I promise you guys when you prospect and you market, you get business. That's all there is to it. That's it. So when people are like, well, you know, I haven't gotten my first gator deal yet or haven't bought my first rental. I'm like, because you haven't done any of the work. That's like the dog grooming guy complaining to me. He's like, yeah, man, well, I'm only making eight grand a month. I'm like, okay, well, why don't you give another groomer? Oh, I don't have enough business. Well, I'm sure you're working really hard at finding the business, right? Anything we can tweak? Oh, no, I'm not. Man, I haven't worked on that in five years. Literally his answer to me. He says, last time I prospected was 2017. Okay. He bought the business in 2017. He had three groomers in the business when he bought it. And today he has one. What was the only difference between 2017 and today? Prospecting. Oh, yeah, Kenya says that's not very professional. I would beat you up putting hot glue on my door. Yes, you're right. But I'm just, I'm just making a point that if you are out there and prospecting, you're going to win. That's it. Name one of my businesses that I'm not prospecting in. Single family flips, gator, every single day I'm prospecting all the time. My Instagram, I'm prospecting my YouTube. I'm prospecting. We have cold colors all the time. We send out mailers all the time. I'm prospecting. It's the front end of the spear. It's the tip of the spear. Okay. I think it's fear, you guys. I think it's that you guys are afraid to create problems for yourself. And if you put yourself out there as doing something that you don't feel 100% comfortable doing just yet, you make problems that actually teach you how to be a better gator lender that teach you how to be a better real estate professional. And if you don't do that, if you don't create those problems for you, it's not a bad problem to have. Yes, there's going to be leads that you miss out on because you didn't know how to vet it appropriately or you didn't get to it appropriately. But those are problems you need to create in order to grow and do the better part of your business. Just like this guy, he didn't want to go out market because he didn't have another groomer to handle the jobs. But guess what? If there was more leads coming in, he would figure it out. He would find another groomer. You know, you know what? It's really interesting, Molly. So I'm going to release this two hour. I went there with Bobby yesterday, Bobby two hands. And I recorded a two hour conversation with this seller, his name is Jesse. He got this guy professed like personal situations. And you know what? The end of the day, it was. It wasn't even about prospecting. It was actually before prospecting. So we all think like, oh, well, prospecting prospecting is the problem. No, prospecting is the. What is it? It is the. No. The problem is actually the mindset. And the bad mindset then creates a result. It's the result of a bad mindset. Prospecting is actually the result of a bad mindset. His mindset was to sabotage his entire business because he didn't feel like he was worthy of it. No shiz. That is 100% of what I came up with yesterday. I was like, wow, this guy love him. He's amazing. And when you guys see this recording, you'll be blown away. You'll be his. He's a beautiful wife. His wife got in a car accident four days ago. Their car toppled over four eight times in the street. All three kids in the car. Why was his wife at the dog room or yesterday when I went there? Because their business relies entirely on them being tied to it every single minute. That's how he's treated his his wife, his bride. Where is that cut? That is not who he is, who he is. He has a poor man. This is what he told me in the interview. You guys will hear it. He says, I have a poor man's mindset. I don't believe I'm worthy of success. So I don't prospect. And so I just feel lucky every time a customer comes to the door and my bro, your business, the name of the business on the front doesn't even have a business name. It says grooming. How do I know what kind of grooming that is? Like, do I just assume it's pet grooming? Do I assume it's whatever you should have a funny name that when people drive by, you have this big, massive sign on your building and you're not even using the sign that's visible properly. So it's the same thing with all of you guys. It's the same thing with anything you're doing in life. How are you actually finding these opportunities? I would tell you that 90% not 90%, 100% of people that are failing in business are not prospecting. That's it. You're not prospecting. Okay. Cool. So what I told, this is what I told, um, Jesse, the business owner. Okay. I said, dude, you know how easily I could turn this business around. I'm like, why would you sell this to me? Why would you sell this to me for zero down, by the way? And he says, because I realized that it's not about me running a business. It's about me working on my mindset and understanding, I could work, help you with the mindset. I go, why don't we do this? Why don't I come in and I will keep you on as a silent partner. And so here's my agreement. There's a point to telling you guys all this and it is pro, it's all about prospecting. I go, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna literally take my 14 year old boy and I'm gonna spend time with my son and I'm gonna go and document him and I putting flyers on everybody's doors and I'm gonna document and we're gonna have an automated call server saying, hey, press one to make an appointment. Press two to blah, blah, blah. And I'm gonna add some automations and know this stuff is gonna cost me more than a hundred bucks and I will literally triple this guy's business overnight. Triple it. I would assume. Does any of you think that pace is sun is gonna have any mindset issues after having pace is a bad guy? No. Hell no. It's like, what are we doing Saturday dad? We're working. We're making money. No, let me take this. This kid, the sky, the limit. And I will literally do this and show you guys this that this is what is required to jump into business. You guys have to understand this is not a nine to five job. You want to make money and you want to break away from that little matrix that is so comfortable and so cozy, that little job. You know what's what's funny is I don't even the environment of my workplace. Molly doesn't have a nine to five. I'd to test a nine to five so much that my environment is not a nine to five environment. Everybody that is on my team feels like they are a part owner of everything we're doing. Okay. You guys are you a part owner of the companies you guys are working for? No, you're not. And so that creates this mindset of like you get home and you're supposed to be reactionary or in my world, I have to go create my opportunities. When you're at your nine to five job, guess what? You're not you're not creating your opportunities. The company creates the opportunity for you and you react to it. So now when you go start a gator lending business, you're like, what do I do? And you ask all these questions that are not important. The only question you should be asking on a daily basis is how do I get more business? How do I market? How do I market? How do I market? How do I market? How do I market? How do I market? Oh, well, my nine to five job actually completely ruined my brain to think that I'm supposed to just say I'm in business. I have an LLC and all this business comes to me guys. They ain't doing shizz. You have to go out in prospect. So what I'll do in a future training. I don't know when, but depending on my schedule and what's going on, I will do a training where I'll show you guys how to prospect. But don't wait for me because your bills are coming next month and your bills are coming the month after that. The bonus, I will give you the training as a bonus. I will give the training to you as a bonus, but do not wait on me. Do not rely on me to do that. I will give it to you as a bonus, which means I'll do it when I want to do it. Okay. Okay. Andrew says for me, it's where other, for me, it's where other. So Andrew, did you come, did you just show up late brother? Well, forgive them. They didn't get their email. So don't be too hard. Okay, cool. So Andrew, we've been going an hour and seven minutes. Okay. We've been going an hour and seven minutes. I answered the question. No problem. No problem about showing up late. I just, the question was so obviously answered 20 minutes ago. I'm not going to go back over it. Hit it really, really hard. And I will do that for you. But the answer is title companies. Okay. Title companies is where you find the majority of your gator business, also hard money lenders, real estate agents, and wholesale Facebook groups is really obvious one. Okay. Real estate meetups, right? Going to real estate meetups. Go guys go to meetup.com. Right. If you want to go to a real estate meet or watch, I'll I'll show you guys how easy this is. Oh wow. He went from 30 people to 120 people real quick. Yeah. I think everyone got an email and I put a post in the Facebook group. So maybe people are seeing that. You guys, I, so I feel like a lot of this mindset stuff too. Like you guys, everyone has the same mindset that pulls themselves back, right? And of course, now you're getting into an industry that you know nothing about, right? Everyone's wanting the perfect step by step solution to how to make this happen the perfect way and it just doesn't exist. And so everyone's mindset is stuck on I don't know how to do this perfectly. And that situation doesn't exist. You're never going to be able to do it perfectly. And so you guys have to know that you have to create problems and you have to have things happen that you didn't want to happen in order to learn. And if you're not okay with doing that, then go back and get your W2 job and don't do something like this because this is how this works, right? So that is true. That's a really, it's a hurtful thing to think about. But like if that's, if that's your limitation is that you don't want to go out and do the things that are required to be a business owner, then being a business owner is not a good fit for you. Just is not. I don't work eight hours a day. I don't work six hours a day. Here's what, here's what ends up happening. Here's what freedom is for me. It's not less work. It's more work of the things I want to work on. That's freedom for me. That's the freedom for most people that are worth millions of millions of dollars is they're not sitting there on the beach. Did you guys hear Jamil and wholesale hotline the other night? He said, I went to Mexico for 10 days and I wanted to pull my hair out after day three. I'm not meant to relax. I'm not meant to chill. The freedom that you are really looking for is the freedom to not have the worry about money. That's the freedom. Breaking away from that mindset of like, am I going to be able to pay my bills next month? Am I going to be able to pay my insurance? Am I going to be able to pay my cars? Breaking out of that mindset is the true freedom. It's not freedom from work. The only reason you want to stop working is because you hate your effing job. Are you kidding? When you love what you do, people have to tell you to stop working and remind you to eat. My wife has to come down here all the time or when I'm out speaking or I'm doing whatever, she'll text Molly or she'll text people around me go, please make sure pace is eating today because I love every minute of my job. Okay? So let's go back into this. We were doing a great training and then I had to deviate to mindset stuff. But does that make sense on the dog grooming business guys? Like this business owner. Okay? This business owner is making $6,000 a month on his dog grooming business. Yeah, Kenya says it seems like you work more in eight hours a day. I probably work 16 hours a day. I probably say when he says I don't work eight hours a day. It doesn't mean he works less than eight hours. I work Saturdays. I work Sundays. I don't wake up in the morning. Go, oh, I have to do these things. I say, what do I get to do every single day? It's great. Even when I was grinding and hustling, I loved every part of it because every opportunity I have to talk to another title company and get another gator loan or a wholesale relationship or an agent relation. They're all just new friends for me. And if you do you guys enjoy having friends? I know this is silly question asked. But if you enjoy being having friends, that's all this business is. It's finding friends and solving their problems and making money. That's what this business is. So if you're not finding friends through prospecting and you think of this as a sales job, you're going to hate it and you're not going to do it. And then ultimately what you're going to do is you're going to come in here go, how do I find these things? Guys, we already did the training. I did the training for two hours. I talked about where to find gator stuff and people still come in and ask the question, where do I find gator stuff? Which means they didn't listen or they go, wait, that's not the easy button. The easy button should be like, I push a button and all the business comes to me and it's already pre-documented and pre this and pre that and I just make money on it. No, Andrew, he says, or I was late. No, the train, I've already done this training, this is a reiteration training. We're just hammering home things because in our day and age, people prefer to just watch live content. Then going back and researching. Does anybody agree with that? It's okay to admit it. I'm the same way. Okay. So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to finish off the email to the title company. Okay, so you guys can see and we're going to wrap this, wrap that part of the training up. Give me just a second and pull it up. So here you go. This is the title company email. I'm not done with it by the way. Rob, see what I'm working on it. Good morning. My name is pay. Oh, wow. Should probably spell that correctly. My name is pace morbby. I am I am joint venturing with blah blah blah. That's the whole seller of the agent, the fix and flipper whoever is you're doing the deal with. Here's the purchase contract, the joint venture agreement and I should type in and and the joint venture agreement for this transaction. Before we officially open escrow, I need to make sure we both understand the protocol of how the EMD or earnest money is handled in the event of a contract canceling. Can you reply? Can you please reply? Please should be more polite because your tone never comes through with the email, right? Should have like emojis and unicorns. Can you please reply to this email without state with stating how to handle the following number one. Do you understand the seller has already released their EMD back to us as long as we cancel during the inspection period? This is important because a good amount of our contracts will cancel due to funding issues problems with the property or even issues with title on the property itself. We always assume the contract will cancel and I need to make sure you understand the seller has already released the EMD in the purchase contract back to us. I have attached a copy of this purchase contract below. Number two, please tell us if you are counting the calendar days from the before the inspection period or the business days for the inspection period. Now for people that just showed up late because the email came out late, welcome to a bonus room. Today is a bonus room. Tomorrow you have another bonus room. Actually tomorrow you have two bonus rooms. I'm going to do a general Q&A tomorrow. I'm going to do a general Q&A tomorrow and then Allison Gustafson is going to come in tomorrow and talk about paperwork. What we're going to be doing every single week, everybody take a note of this please and rejoice in the Discord channel. I've just noticed that we just even though we promised one training a month, we're going to end up averaging closer to 12 trainings a month. No, I'm sorry, 10 trainings a month. Under promise, over deliver. I think we need to pace more. This is like it needs to be tattooed on your body. Yes. I'm going to be doing a training myself once a month that's new content moving the content forward, new training on new topics and new ways to make money in Gator. Then I'm also going to do a second training where I bring in my attorney, Sean St. Claire, once a month as well. I'm going to probably throw in some bonus stuff if you guys remember, who was in there for the last training where I talked about private money for like three hours? Who was in there for that? Jack Schneider says I was. Jack, how good was that? Was that like ground, breaking, earth shattering content? He's like two thumbs up. If you had four thumbs, you'd give me four thumbs. Oh, they do have four thumbs. Thank you, bro. That was so quick that you guys did it together. Like we do have four thumbs. Oh, crap. Did you get? Did we cue this up? Hey, Sonia says it was earth shattering. So what I'm going to do is I promised you guys that what I will do for you as a bonus is I will bring private money lending content for you guys that normally people charge like $25,000 for private money. Like if I go into, I have a guy that keeps the emailing me. I'm in his email vortex and I'm like, should I buy it? Should I buy it? Should I buy it? He's selling raising private capital mentorship for 35 grand. It's a six month mentorship. And I'm like, I should buy it. What's that? Don't buy it. I buy everybody stuff. I'm always like buying stuff and comparing what is good and what's not good and what what should we do to improve ours and make ours better and all that kind of stuff. But 35 grand is what he's charging. And I already teach everything he teaches to you or the sub two students. Okay. What I will do is I will happily bring private money lending training to you guys. But you need to understand that you are an as a gator. You are not a private money lender. Can you be a private money lender? Yes. Okay. Here's a here's a great question. Was bow Jackson a football player or a baseball player? Derrick says yes. It was both. But when he's on the football field, does he a baseball field? Is he a baseball player in that moment? No. He's not. And when he's on the baseball field, is he playing football? No. It's the same thing with gator and private money lender. You can do both. But when you're doing one, you're not doing the other. Okay. And I will continually throw that distinction out for you guys. You truly understand it. Jose says he's a human. No, he's not. He's a god. He's an athlete. He's an athlete god. Okay. So with the let's go back to the email and let me wrap up that email. But just for the stuff that you guys missed, you guys will back and review it is we're constructing the email to make sure that you or your title or your transaction coordinator emails to the title company. Okay. All right. So number two and we talked about this for a good 15 minutes on number two. So go back and review that today if you guys missed out. Okay. If you wanted to be business days or calendar days, just point it out here. Right? Like you're like, I specifically stated it's business days once again reference the contract. Right. Okay. Number three. Okay. What is the process of getting the EMD back? Oh, dang it. My keyboard died. Not funny. There we go. Fix it. What is the process of getting my EMD back as you can see in the heck. As you can see in the contracts and JV agreement, I am bringing, let's just say 3K in EMD to become a JV partner on this deal as my compensation on this deal will not only be my EMD being returned, but also a portion of the assignment fee. I what documents do you need to make sure I get paid at close at COE or close of escrow. Not only my original EMD, but also my portion of the assignment or profit depending on the deal. Right. I will be calling you to introduce myself and discuss the items in this email. Thank you. And I look forward to doing business with you. Oh, okay. This is an email that I would absolutely make sure that you are writing as a gator or as make sure that your transaction coordinator is typing this up before you guys officially open escrow. Why is that? Well, because the mutual release is important, we talked about that as well. Okay. I should call Danielle Mausiel. Do that in another training. I'm doing a training with her next week if anybody wants to join. Oh, that'd be great. You guys will hear her talk about, look, Rob Bringle has his pace. Thank you for pushing me out of my nest on my PML, closing on my JV this week and putting my $65,000 to work. Now, let's all imagine, right now, I want to take a little bit of a survey. Let's all imagine all 165 of us right now own a dog grooming shop. Based on your prospecting of your dog grooming and going out and obtaining business for your dog grooming shop, how much money are you guys going to make next week? Based on what you've done in terms of prospecting over the last week or so. And of course, I'm tying this into your gator business. How many of you guys are going to make money based on your prospecting from last week, last month, et cetera? Most of you guys are not going to type anything because you haven't been prospecting. You haven't been doing say yes or no. Have you been prospecting or not prospecting? Yes or no? Give me a yes or no. I have not. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. So let me ask you another question. If you are not prospecting, are you making exactly how much money you deserve to make? Yes, technically. Yeah, that's what you deserve. If you have no prospecting, you deserve to make zero dollars. That's exactly what you deserve. Okay. So when it comes down to any of this, just because you understand this amazing, powerful method, doesn't mean that money's going to fall from the sky. You have to prospect every day. Okay. In fact, one thing that I'm doing in sub two, I talked about this yesterday. Okay. I talked about this. I'm hiring a full-time multi-family underwriter for my students. It's going to cost me about $180,000 a year to have a top tier 10-year experience multi-family underwriter analysts come into my sub-to-mentorship and be available six to eight hours every day. Why am I doing that? Being raw with you, very real with you. This is the high-level stuff. I'm going to give that value to my students, change all of their lives. But what is it going to do? It's also going to teach them how to go out and find the appropriate deals and how to structure them properly, right? They then bring those deals back to my underwriter who is available to them that I'm paying for. And that underwriter says, hey, you know what, pays might buy that deal. Me providing value to the marketplace is a form of prospecting. It is a form of me obtaining deals and doing deals with my students. So will it really cost me $180,000 a year? No. I, of course, have to put that money out. That's one way of a thousand different ways I can prospect. But I put that money out. I throw that risk out. This is part of being business owner. And what will then happen is I will cast a wider net to do more deals with my sub-to community. Okay? There you go. Prospecting, prospecting, prospecting, prospecting, prospecting. Okay? I do feel like because so many people come from the W2 world, meaning somebody else has told me what to do my entire life, that that is actually your biggest problem. It's not the strategy. It's not the technique. It's not the paperwork. Those are excuses. That's called creative avoidance. Your actual real problem is breaking out of the matrix and living in a world that somebody's not telling you what to do every single day. That is actually your biggest problem. Anybody in here agree with that? I see it all the time. Guys, also, do you think other people in the Gator group joined Gator? Because they need money. They usually are trying to lend money or be a Gator. So looking for deals within the Gator group, I see people saying that in the Gator group, I don't think, and maybe this is your W2 job for your brain. But you need to go out to the places where the dogs are as Pace says. Pace is buying a dog grooming company. He's not going to sit in his dog grooming company like this guy and be like, I'm just going to wait for the phone to ring. I'm here. The shop is open and here. He's going to go where people have dogs, where people live and they have their dogs, where dog parks. Oh, so brewery. He's going to go all these places and advertise it. You guys need to go to the places where people need EMD, not within the Gator group. Yeah, you know what's interesting too. If you look at Tesla, does Tesla do traditional advertising? Are they sponsoring the Super Bowl? Are they sponsoring big sports stadiums? What is Tesla's number one form of advertising? Does anybody know? People driving their cars around, I'm sure. That's definitely Elon Musk. The business owner going on podcasts and shows and whiling out on Joe Rogan and Smokinweed. It is one of a thousand different ways to prospect. Okay. So if you guys are the Elon Musk of your business, how much business do you deserve to be earning right now? Are you out there? Are you having the conversations? Are you earning that business? The answer is no. Even Elon Musk is, you guys don't realize this, but he is the number one marketing mechanism for Tesla. Oh, yeah. The number one is the number one marketing mechanism of any business associated with his money because I understand prospecting at a very high level. Prospect prospect prospect marketing. Trump's sales all day long because without marketing, sales does not exist. So how are you marketing yourself? So like you guys will see in the dog grooming business, I'll do really simple things. Just the same. I think Gator is probably one of the most simple ways to obtain business. Like when you're acquiring a house, this is where Gator actually beats out acquiring real estate. It's massive because here's why I don't have to follow up a thousand times with somebody that doesn't want my business. Like when I'm acquiring single family or multi-family real estate, I'm calling and negotiating, negotiating, negotiating, negotiating. And there's this constant negotiating battle between the buyer and the seller, the buyer and the seller. In Gator, somebody has already done all of that. They've already got the contract with the seller and they're lacking a couple thousand dollars sometimes more, obviously. And they're going to a title company. And then the title company's like, where's your EMD? There's an absolute need already waiting for you. You just need to make the call and say, hey, this is what I do. Can I have this, can I earn this business? And the time you see it. And they can help you bet the deal, guys, because they can be like, yeah, it looks like a solid contract. It looks like they probably have a buyer that's going to come in place. It looks like everything's done well. You know, they can help you really a lot of times. There you go. Rob SEMA says, Elon bought Twitter as a marketing platform for himself and his other businesses. So guys, we already know, right? You got to prospect yourself. It's one of the biggest challenges you'll have in any business. I don't care what it is. If you are good at prospecting, you will win. Now, why am I a great prospector? Because that's what I learned. I was a Mormon missionary for two years. I knocked doors in my Doc Martins for two years. My Doc Martins. I didn't even realize until end of my mission. I was like, I should have worn anything but Doc Martins to walk around for two years. Ty phone here. I'm going to tell you you guys something right now. Okay? If you guys are using your website as a form of marketing, that's lazy marketing. If you're prospecting doesn't include this or your two feet, that's lazy marketing. You won't make money. That's it. Get your ass out. Go and smell the air. Go earn the business. If you're going to go build a website and spend the money, I would much rather you spend the money on hiring a kid to go out and prospect or get on the phone and call a title company or a hard money lender and prospect. That's what I would rather you do. Don't spend any money on a website. When I had my business pay size, somebody came in and they had beacons. Have you ever heard of beacons? No. Okay. So I don't know if they still exist. I don't know how you get a hold of them. But it was a beacon that would put out an ad for you to anybody's phone that was within the region of your phone. Oh yeah. Remember that happening. Yeah. And so like if you, someone drove by me in my car, they'd get like a banner advertising that would come down and be like, do you need body work on your car? Go to the shop. Right here. You're in the area, right? You're right here. And so there's so many different things you guys can do. It's just a matter of getting out of that mindset that you like are just waiting for it to happen. And we've all been vicking him to it. I mean, Pace was a contractor for however many years, right? He fell victim to it himself. So I can tell you about two years into my construction business, I actually stopped updating my website because I realized that that wasn't bringing in any business. That was lazy, passive, whatever. It all came down to me getting out there and meeting people going to meet up, talking to people, talking about my successful stuff online. Hey, this is what I'm doing. Even like right now, I would be taking a screenshot on my phone and I would be putting on my Instagram stories and go, man, I'm learning Gator on from pace and I would be tagging me and I would be tagging Molly. Molly won't look at it because she's I don't think she's ever logged into Instagram, but tag me on Instagram stories and people will go, oh, and say, if you need help, if you need money for your transactions, let me know. Every little thing you're doing all day long, here's what's funny. You are marketing yourself, but are you proud of the way you're currently marketing yourself? Here's how you're currently marketing yourself. Somebody doesn't believe in themselves. Somebody that's fearful, somebody who's inconsistent, you are marketing yourself and showing me your brand right now, right now. So do we agree with this? Do you you you are branding yourself, whether you like it or not, whether you think you're marketing yourself or not, you are marketing yourself. So how would you say that you've marketed yourself in the last 30 days? Sebastian, I would just look at beacon marketing. It's like B-E-A-C-O-N. So beacon is like what they use like as a signal, something that puts out a signal, it's a beacon, right? So I the guy came into my shop actually, and he was just advertising to us. Somebody that was advertising using a beacon. I have no, I can't remember, as I haven't owned that shop for five years, but it was a really cool way. What I'm trying to get through to you guys is like there's more creative ways out there than you think and you guys are stuck in this like you have to fit it into a box, and it's like you guys can think of so many different ways of doing this. Here's a good one, just looking at me and Molly, okay? So like Molly, she's a partner with me in a lot of stuff like in my multi-family stuff and she also is on payroll, right? She has an employment with me, but she's kind of a hybrid, right? Because Molly brings tremendous value to the table. My question is, couldn't you guys be doing that for yourself? Couldn't you essentially, Molly has almost in a weird way, she has a business within my business. Interesting. Couldn't you guys be doing that for yourselves like teaming up with each other and saying, hey, I will prospect two hours a day for this group of three or four people. Why aren't you guys potting and squatting up? And why doesn't one somebody say, hey, all all called title company on Monday, you call them on Tuesday, you call them on Wednesday, and create an accountability group. This is a team sport. Do it together. Okay? Does anybody agree with that? You guys should be doing that? I can tell you the number one problem in Gator is that people are not prospecting. It's the same number one problem in anybody's business outside of Gator. Okay? Don't make me come up with all the ideas. By the way, I am a visionary, so I have an endless supply of ideas. Yeah, I would say you have an abundance of ideas in comparison to the normal person, every day lay person, I would say you love an abundance of ideas. So here's what I would do is you see Rob Seymill, he's a great leader, and we're going to have Rob Seymill do a lot more stuff with us, but here's a comment I'm going to make. Who wants to be a leader of a Gator squad, like a little Gator tribe? Say it, say it in the side, like, hey guys, let's get fight. And here's the thing, don't do more than five people. Why? Because you can only cut a pie so many different times, just do five people and say, hey, guys, let's divide and conquer. Let's have you call title companies, you call wholesale companies, and let's create a list, a big list in our whole geographical area, all the title companies, all the wholesalers, all the real estate agents that are doing business, and let's create an automation and assist system that texts everybody every week. Hey, what do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? Okay, so I'm going to give you guys two minutes and we're going to wrap this zoom up. Okay, do me a favor because I'm going to let you guys save the side chat. Okay, listen to me. You have 180 people in here. Listen to me. In one post, because you're going to save the side chat and everybody can go through this. In one post, what you need to do is say, my name is pace morbby. I'm in the Phoenix area. I would like to squat up. Here's my cell phone number. Type that all in one post. Not here's my name, enter. Here's my this enter. Do it all together. There you go. Daniel Chun says, okay, never mind. Don Don Miller says, Boise, here's my phone number. 185 you guys should be doing this and you should be focusing your time, your effort, and everything on prospecting. Everything you should be doing is prospecting. Stop worrying about the stupid paperwork. Stop worrying about the stupid transactions. We're going to bring extra zooms in with you. Stop listening to dumbasses in the discord channel that are saying, oh, well, I'm worried about the fashion event. All right, bro. Have you been prospecting? Well, no, because I like to spend my time doing something called creative avoidance. In fact, that's the name of my gator lending business. It's called creative avoidance lending LLC. Are you guys creatively avoiding the actual work? It's so true. It is so true. And I can tell you right now, I look at somebody that's making money. I know that I know what they do. They're prospecting. Okay. You guys, I have such a cool story that I'll share with you before we get off and hear while everybody's entering their information. The previous mentor that I worked for that unfortunately passed away and then paste, I came right into paste's life right very shortly afterwards. It was like he guided me this direction. But he used to say these are the crabs of the world. The people who are in the discord channel that are like saying it's not going to work out. I'm worried about this. Don't do that. You know nothing about this. Why would you do that? That's going to be bad. You know, they they're your family members right now that are like, why would you quit your W2 job that's safe and go and be your own boss? Like that's not safe. You need a 401k. You need a W2, right? All of these. These are the crabs of the world. So Gene was really close with his mom and his mom used to take them crab fishing. And he said, if you put one crab in the bucket, the crab will crawl out. If you put more than one crab in the bucket, the other crabs will pull the other crab down and won't let them to crawl out. So they'll be pulling them down the whole time. So he's like those other crabs in the bucket with you are the people that are holding you back from your success. Those are the people in the world that are like, no don't get out of the bucket. Stay in the bucket with me. This is where everybody is. We're in the bucket, right? And so this is a real life example of the crabs in your world, the crab in the bucket mentality. These crabs want you to stay in the bucket with them. Misery loves company kind of thing. Don't be a crab. Don't do that in the group, guys. And don't hold people back. People want to do things they've never done before. If you guys want to go out and try things, that's what you're here for. We're here for. That's all of us are here for. Right? Yeah, 100%. Check this out. So like even yesterday, this was really great. So I love that you brought this up in M&M's 8 mile. He has this amazing lyric that I love. Yes, you go and listen to it. He talks about the crab. Am I just another crab in a bucket in the bucket? Yeah. But the crabs in the bucket is a blue crab. I love this story because I've I've felt like I've been in a bucket with other crabs pulling me down multiple times. I'll tell you a quick story of a real bucket that not a real literal bucket. But I was in a this is a high level bucket. Like, no matter what bracket you're in, you're always going to be you're going to hit a bucket and you got to get yourself out. I was in home vesters, the We Biagly Houses franchise. I paid 135 grand to own that franchise. And there were 20 other franchises in my local area. We call ourselves the ad council or as I like to call the bucket of crabs. And all these guys came together and every month they would work together and coordinate and communicate and basically put all their money into a bucket. And they would go advertise billboards, TV, radio, all that kind of stuff. We would go prospect together. Okay. And when I started having success and I started branching out and doing other things like, oh, let me work with probate attorneys to generate free leads. Let me go on Instagram and YouTube and let me go on podcast to market myself. These crabs kept pulling me down. Okay, check this out. I'll show you. This is going to happen your entire life. And I'm so grateful when it happens. So, so grateful when it happens. Check this out. This is an interesting story. So, let's see here. Can you see my YouTube channel? Or no? Yeah. Okay. So, check this out. Oh, it's right here. Got it. Got it. Okay. So, if you go to pace more, be Steve Trang. Right here. Coming on four years ago, this is a podcast that was posted. It'll be four years in about a month. So, it'll switch over to say four years ago. This podcast ended up getting a cease and desist. Okay. From home investors. Okay. This company, what you guys have all seen, this company home investors right here, the WeBiagly Houses people, right? Ugg is there. They're WeBiagly Houses. You guys have seen this WeBiagly Houses. Let's see images. You guys have seen these guys. WeBiagly Houses. Okay. Everybody's seen this company, right? You may as if everybody's seen this company. It's a big company. There's 1400 franchises across the country. I own one of them. And the time that I went and own one of them is when I went on that podcast. Okay. And when I was on this podcast right here, it got so many people love this podcast. So many comments. I think we had like four or 500 comments in day one. So why does it now only today have 136 comments? Because the 20 people that I was also a franchise owner together, they called each other brothers and arms. Those guys are the ones that went to corporate headquarters for home investors and said, tell we want this podcast taken down. Paces marketing himself outside of our group. I wasn't violating any rules. They just didn't want to see me grow. So they called corporate headquarters and they complained enough that they then had that Steve Trang received a cease and desist. Steve Trang calls me up. He's like, dude, are you kidding me? These freaking crabs in a bucket. That was what he really says. These guys are trying to pull you down. You need to get out of there. And that was in a very successful high level group of people, but they just couldn't handle anybody else being successful and trying for trying things out. Then yesterday, okay, I post on my Instagram, I go, hey, I'm buying a business with zero dollars down. And I get a DM. And the DM says, what do you know about buying businesses? Did you laugh? Did you laugh out loud? I was like, I started there for, I stopped for a second, Molly, and I go, actually, I don't know a lot about buying businesses. I know a lot about operating businesses, but I don't know a lot about buying businesses, but that's why I'm doing it. Yeah. How do you start? How does anybody start? Exactly. And so I was like, that only fueled my fire to do it even more. So I'm like, now this I'm going to my goal is to buy 12 businesses this year, zero dollars down. And I'm going to continue to do what I learning new things and prospecting and putting myself out there. I don't want to be in a bucket full of crabs. And that's how what this group is for. So don't be a crab. If you're one of those people that's a crab that's scared, like, that's okay. You can be scared, but don't pull everybody else down with you being scared. Yeah. And here's the thing, guys, if you have crabs, there's medicine for that. Okay. Only you pace, Marbi. Only you. Okay. So here's what we're going to do, guys. We're going to do, I'll do, we're going to be doing a training tomorrow, Allison Gustafson, our transaction coordinator, we're going to do paperwork training. So we'll have continual paperwork training on transactions with you guys. So that'll be every single week. Tomorrow, I'll also be doing a Q&A for you guys as well. Two hour Q&A tomorrow. It'll be your questions. Unmute you guys. Have you guys come up here? We'll do some Q&A. And what I'll do is I'll start doing some raising private capital zooms. I'm sorry. This was a bonus zoom. And so my team was like, oh my gosh, pace doesn't do bonus zooms for Gator Tribe. And so my team didn't know how to handle the zoom, the zoom link and email it to you guys. So we'll do better, we'll do a better job of emailing that out. I apologize. That's that how it was handled. We'll continue to bring you more guys more bonus stuff. Has everybody introduced themselves in the side chat? Has and has everybody saved the side chat side chat? I think people need directions on how to save the side chat. So you can use the three little buttons. If you're on your phone, it won't work with three little dots. Yeah. And what I would do is for somebody that wants to be an awesome gogiver is save the side chat, go through it in the discord channel. Okay. Yes, there is a schedule. The schedule, we will do a better job. By the way, the schedule is what you guys paid for is one training for me a month. That's what you paid for. Okay. That's a pretty simple schedule to keep track of. Okay. It's just whenever pace decides to do that training for the month. Okay. Yes. Robert Russell says, can I get a recording of this? Guys, has there ever been a zoom? I've ever done in my life that doesn't get posted into the Kajabi. Every zoom I've ever done gets posted in the Kajabi. Okay. So yes, you'll have access to this, for sure. Second thing is I will make sure that my team addresses this. We'll make sure that we email this stuff out at the beginning of the week. Okay. So you guys have the zoom links and all that kind of stuff. We'll do better. This is obviously bonus stuff. We weren't really prepared for it. And hopefully this was really valuable and helpful for you guys. Give me, give me a route, rate me from one to 10. How did I do today? Did I do a six at least? I was shooting for a six. What? Come on. Somebody's giving it. Got to give me a nine and eight seven. There's no one that's dissatisfied. Nobody's a crap in here. Nobody's dissatisfied. I think it swaps the crops. We tipped the bucket. We tipped the bucket over. They all fell out. So funny. Okay. So what, well, oh, cool. Five point nine five. I will work on it. I will get better. My humor will get better. I'll stop saying the S word. I will get better. Which house? Okay. So tomorrow we got Allison Gustafson. The, by the way, I did put in the discord, I put the three zooms for the week in the discord. The times, the zoom links, all that kind of stuff in the topics. They're in the discord channel right now. I will make sure the team emails them to you as well sometime tonight. And we will see you guys two times tomorrow. Allison Gustafson and myself doing you doing two bonus ones tomorrow. And then sometime next week I'll bring in Sean St. Claire, depending on his schedule, it's obviously the new year. So it'll be a little bit chunky and clunky. But we'll bring him in in the next couple of weeks. Okay. Allison's isn't just Gator related. You guys, so the cool thing about Allison's is it will show you guys how wholesale contracts work. It'll show you how paperwork works in general. So that as a Gator, you guys just get a full education of paperwork, transaction coordination, and you'll be able to come in and ask questions about general real estate stuff. And I think all everybody in here would love that bonus to be like, wow, this is super helpful for me to understand the little nuances of real estate. And Allison's going to be bringing that in every Thursday for you guys. Okay. So important for you guys to understand that too. Just you know, help you guys when bringing the table, what to look for, right? If you're not able to vet the deal, you need to be able to know what to look for. So yeah. And the Gator, here's the last thing I'll say. So Gators. Okay. We had a lot of fun. We brought in 10 Gators to last golden ticket event. Golden ticket event is a private sub two student only event where I bring in 100 sub two students into my office every month. And we do a full day, just breakdown, working on deals, prospecting, we do all these fun really cool things like scavenger hunts and just really build teamwork and all that kind of stuff. Okay. Robin Hurt says, I thought it was the last. It was the last I'm going to rebrand it and change the format of it's going to be called something different, different, just different format. What we're going to be doing is I'm going to be inviting 10 of you Gators to next months. Okay. With the sub two community. So you guys can come in and network. Okay. It's going to be a bonus just like what we did last month. And we'll bring you guys involved. It'll be a lot of fun. And we'll tell you guys how you guys can apply to be part of that. I'll make sure Carly communicates that with you guys. Okay. I appreciate you guys. I'll see you guys soon. Sub two students. I'll see you guys tonight on our general Q&A. All the sub two students in here. I'll see you tonight later guys.