 path. On the paper here is a monthly payment. No, there's no monthly payment. We haven't pay anything. I know you haven't been paying in a couple of years, but there's still a monthly payment in your agreement with the mortgage company, right? What was it? 1200 a month? No, it was 1500. 1500 each month from before we moved, it was 1500. Okay. So I look at the numbers, and I'm sure this is why you haven't been able to sell is the purchase or the house. If it sold, even if it sold for let's say 260, you would still have to pay a realtor fees and you'd have to pay all that stuff. You probably still couldn't sell it even and pay off everything you owe even if you sold it for 260 because you've got realtor's you got to pay because you're the seller and the challenge with the seller is that you got to pay both real estate agents, you got to pay the closing costs, you got to pay all that stuff. So even if you sold it today for 260, you're not walking away from this house without cutting a check. Are you guys are you guys open up? Are you guys open to cutting a check for like five to ten thousand dollars to get rid of it? Five to ten thousand to get rid of it. That's not the best I've thought to get it completely no fraud, fraud-free, completely paid, cutting a check. That might be a one. Do you guys have a title company in Connecticut that you would want to work with? Do we have one in there? No, we haven't been in contact with anybody. How would we know what how would we be in contact with a title company? Well, because you guys bought that house at one point, right? So you you went through a title company to buy that. Do you remember when you went and signed and you like you signed all the paperwork originally like obviously is a long time ago, 2013 or more, but still at one point you went through a title company that helped you do the paperwork and do it properly and all that kind of stuff, right? Yeah, so anytime somebody suggests, oh, well, I don't want any fraud. I go, okay, well, let's just go back to the company that helped you with the paperwork the first time you bought it, right? Okay. So that's why that's why I'm asking that question. So I look at that and I had it it was