 Good morning, everybody. Happy Sunday, May 29th, 2022. For any of those that are watching this in the future, you're probably thinking, man, this is outdated information. I got to go find updated information. You know, you get a lot of that. I get a lot of that so many times people go, hey, I learned something. I watched something on your YouTube, but, you know, it's six months old. So I get I don't think it like means anything because it's six months old. Very interesting thought process. Get a lot of questions during the week that I think highlight a lot of people's mindset issues. And I think we all have mindset issues by the way. Sorry, I'm just getting things set up. So a couple of things. I want to talk about obviously paperwork today. I think it's interesting. People think we haven't talked about paperwork. I think people just need a little bit more handholding. And I want to address that for a moment, which is fine. We all need to handholding. I think the biggest challenge with a lot of you guys is that you'll never be good at the paperwork. Yes, I'm going to say that one more time. A lot of you guys will never be good at the paperwork. Can I say that a third time? A lot of you guys want to be babysat on paperwork because you your personality doesn't like paperwork. You will never be good at paperwork. Okay. No matter how many times I cover the paperwork section, you'll never be good at it. And why do you think that is? Is it me? Is it because you're stupid? Is it because you're lazy? Is it because you can't learn? No, it's because it's not your personality type. I'm one of those people. I don't I enjoy the process of creating paperwork and coming up with ideas. And I read every contract that we've ever done. I've reviewed them with my attorneys. I spent a lot of time on it. But as far as actually managing the paperwork itself and managing the process, my personality type just doesn't like paperwork. You know what I'm saying? And so what's going to happen is you guys will continually ask me questions about paperwork. I'm going to answer this question on paperwork. Very simply. Okay. If you are having a hard time on the paperwork, hire a transaction coordinator and stop trying to learn it. Okay. I just gave you the one of the biggest hacks of real estate in general is stop trying to do it. Stop trying to force yourself. Also, you'll spend so much time, energy, not taking action because you'll say stuff like, well, I haven't learned the paperwork. I haven't done this. Guys, understanding the general overview of the process. See, the author says, Heather is our TC for paperwork. If you believe that we haven't gone through the paperwork, it's because you are probably not a paperwork person. Okay. Because paperwork people don't need literally to be gone through line by line by line by line by line. It's usually the visionaries, people like me that are like, what am I missing? What am I missing? You want me to tell you what you're missing? A paperwork personality. That's what you're missing. Nothing I can do, nothing I can say, nothing I can walk through is ever going to make you comfortable with walking your wholesaler, your real estate agent, your real estate investor. Whoever it is that you're funding, you're never going to be good at paperwork. It's not your personality type. So who in here feels that, see, Peggy Page says, I hate paperwork. My brain skips stuff in it. There you go. Who in here feels they're not comfortable with paperwork, nor will they ever get comfortable with paperwork. Give me a yes or a me, something along those lines. Okay. So guys, for all of you that are saying me right now, stop trying to learn all the paperwork. Higher transaction coordinator. Okay. Because what will happen is I'll get DMs from people that I really, really know are, um, in visionaries, like visionaries through and through. And they're going, paste, when are we going to go through the paperwork? I'm like, what, this week, but you should maybe skip it. Like, what? What do you mean? I just skip it. It's not your personality type. Stop it. It's the same thing with kind of like a paperwork person should not learn how to do a hard close or learn how to raise $75 million in a weekend. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's not your personality type. Stop trying to learn things that are not you. And if somebody tells you otherwise, like just learn everything and deal with it and learn how to cold call and learn how to do it. Guys, there's personality types that will never do it. Okay. Eddie Charger says, this is why my wife does all the paperwork. Okay. Do we all kind of understand this? Is this helpful for a lot of people that are, you know, maybe just need permission as a visionary to not worry about the paperwork so much? Okay. You have my permission not to worry about paperwork. Um, we did, I have 15 deals on my whiteboard that primarily have to do with data lending. I'll go through those for a little bit today. Okay. See, Carrie says, I do paperwork before cold calling any day. Other people will say, I do cold calling over paperwork any day. Okay. This is why it's important to have, you know, a tribe. It's important to have people and they say, go out and network. This is a very tactical, specific example of why that's important. Okay. Brian, I really like this. He says, I think this is why a lot of people don't succeed in real estate. They don't like the paperwork and therefore don't make any offers. Okay. For me, I agree with the author, the person, the people, if you're sitting there stuck on paperwork, you're going to have a really hard time excelling in this business. Okay. You need to offload that stuff. All right. Happy to go through it for you, um, people who really want it. And some visionaries, um, if you guys haven't read the book, Rocketfield, I would suggest doing that to really great book. Let's see here. It'll help you kind of have permission to not have to worry about that. Give me just a second. Sorry. Lewis, where do you find a transaction coordinator? How about all the transaction coordinators say, me, I'm a transaction coordinator, Lewis, you're not, how about this? Lewis, you're not networking enough, brother. How about that's the answer. Also, um, Lewis, if you guys ever feel like I'm getting on you and, you know, giving you a hard time, I learned that, you know, a lot of you guys really like Ed Mylett, you know, a lot of you guys like Andy forsella. A lot of you guys really like these personality types that are like father figures that yell at you and, and basically tell you what to do all day long. Literally. See, Danny Harrison, Ed Mylett is great. He is great. But you know what he's like primarily doing. He's not teaching you any tactical skills whatsoever. Think about it. Like really sit down and listen to Ed Mylett, Andy forsella, Jim Rohn, Tony Robbins, is anybody giving you any real tactical advice? Okay, they don't teach you anything. Okay, it's raw raw. It's to spark you. That is level zero. Like you are sitting on your couch and you need somebody to motivate you. That is why Andy forsella, Ed Mylett, Jim Rohn, Tony Robbins, a lot of these people really succeed and they're speaking to the masses because the masses are sitting on their asses. Okay, a little phrase I came up with. The masses are sitting on their asses. And so the Andy forsella is in the Ed Mylett's of the world are coming telling you what to do. And unfortunately, we were raised that way. Your parents told you what to do. Your current nine to five job tells you what to do. And one of the most challenging parts of becoming a successful entrepreneur is realizing that nobody, this is also Mel Robbins is another one. Chase very, very good. I like all these people, by the way. But there's there's a category. The category is the Mel Robbins, the Tony Robbins, the Ed Mylett's, the Andy forsella's, all these people are not tacked, they're not giving you tactical advice. Like how to do this? Like tell me how to fill out the paperwork. Andy forsella is never going to come in and go, all right guys, so here's the paperwork on a contract. Literally never going to happen. So they go general. They're motivation. It's to get the masses off their asses. Okay. Oh, Lewis is very, very correct. But Lewis, let's remind something about what we're talking about here. The books, right? The speeches, the YouTube videos, all the kind of stuff that they're podcasts, all the kind of stuff is trying to get the masses off their asses, which is amazing. Okay. And if that's the world that you're in, that's perfectly okay. That's absolutely perfectly okay. I listened to Jim Rowan last night for an hour while I made my daughter eggs and watched her eat. I just sat there and listened to Jim Rowan because I really like Jim Rowan and he gives good motivational things or they give you permission on how to live your life. But from the tactical standpoint, it's interesting. You'll hear him, everything's generalized. Everything is generalized. Okay. So who? This is what happens when I let my daughter in here. Hold on a second guys. All right. So let's go through a couple of things. I'll jump into the paperwork. Just want to make sure you guys had permission on the paperwork side of things to not have to worry about it so much. Okay. Think about a business as a star. Okay. Right. You're really excited about this. It's like, I got a golden star. Actually, I should draw this as a golden star. But I got a golden star. Right. This is how I look at it. It's like, this is so cool. It's a shiny object. It's really, really cool. At the end of the day, each one of these little stars or parts of the star, if you don't have them, the star kind of ceases to exist. Okay. So the most important part of the star is right here in the center and the part of that star is called action. Okay. Continually moving the star forward. It's the heart of everything. And so what I want to help you guys do in the next 20 minutes and then we'll move on to the paperwork. I want you to understand where we go take action. Okay. I don't want you guys coming in here just consuming content when I originally promised this free content and this free training. I said that I was going to do this once a month. Have I done this at have I at least fulfilled my promise? I'm literally taking this has been three weeks in a row. Okay. I've done three months and three weeks. Okay. I could we all agree. I could pause for three months and nobody could get mad at me. Right. I wanted to just let you guys know I'm going to keep doing this weekend and week out when I feel like it. But here's something I woke up this morning. 3.30 3.40 couldn't move physically ill. I am ill. I think I have the flu. But this is life. Right. Life is one of these things where I don't feel good. So what do I do? I pop a couple of Tylenol. I sit for 30 or 40 minutes, drink some water, take a hot shower for like literally 30 minutes and just let my body loosen up. Get the Tylenol into my bloodstream. I rarely take medicine. And I get to a point where I'm like, okay, how do I I got to like get myself to do this Sunday morning 4 a.m. I'm physically ill. All my my whole body is achy. You know that the flu achy feeling, right? That's how I feel right now. But the reality is my of my business is that my 725 employees they don't need to hear me complain. They don't need to hear me belly ache. They need to see me take action. Every day, every day. And if you guys do not understand that about business, you should quit right now. If you find yourself in the last 24 hours complaining, just quit right now. Literally, you don't have it in you. You have no idea how hard this is. In fact, it becomes so hard that you have to turn it into a game. You have to turn into a game. Otherwise, you'll fail. You have to have accountability. You have to have community and you have to have people pressuring you. I have for me personally, guys, I've figured out my hack. Okay. My hack is that I have to put external pressure on myself in order for me to fight through those moments of, man, I got a lot of people relying on me. There's a lot of people in here that don't have anybody relying on them besides their wife and their kids or their husband and their wife or their boyfriend or their girlfriend. That's all you have relying on you. That's it. And so you don't know what external pressure feels like. You don't know what that horrible feeling of letting somebody down at a large scale feels like. So when people ask, how are you constantly always working? One, I understand the recipe of success. The recipe of success is constantly all the time. Saturdays, Sundays, Memorial Day, guys, Christmas, I'm working. Do you want what I have? You have to do what I do. Okay. If making 100 grand a year is your goal, perfect. You can work 20 hours a week and make 100 grand a year. You want to make a million dollars a year. You're going to put in a couple of years of 80 to 90 hours worth of work every single week for two years before you even see a bump of momentum. Okay. You won't see the momentum right away. And so what happens a lot of times is people will start doing this magical thing called taking action. Okay. And I'd say what I see and I get emails. Okay. This I get emails. I get DMs. I get people that are here's the words that they use. I'm lost. I am I need guidance. Okay. I am confused. Okay. A lot of people ask me for one on one. So all the time. Okay. I get these questions all the time. Now in the very beginning of me being an educator, I used to think that these were real. I used to think that wow, this person's lost. They need guidance or confused. They need a one on one for me to break things down. And while these do help, here's what I find is that one 100% of these people 100% of these people are taking little to zero action. That's it. So I get people go I'm lost. I'm confused. I need guidance. I don't know what my next steps are. I'm like really? My biggest problem. Okay. My biggest problem in my life is that I take so much action that I have to make a decision on what opportunity I'm going to focus my time on. I have my problem. How is my problem? Literally the opposite of these people right here. It's not because I'm smarter because I can tell you there's a lot of people in here that are more intelligent than me. It's because I take consistent action every day. And by the way, if your wife is complaining about you, taking working too much and spending too much time away from the kids, have your wife draw out the life that she wants. How much money does she want in the bank? What kind of cars does she want to drive? What kind of house does she want? What kind of vacations does she want to be on? And then tell her is that wow, that looks amazing. Now how should I go get that? How should I, the person that's in charge of our financial future? I'm sorry, I'm a very traditional husband, guys, I'm so sorry. So if I ever talk about husband to wife, I'm also talking about wife to husbands, ask your wife very specifically, hey, I totally get this. If you guys look at my Instagram story, my Instagram story from this morning, you know, this, you'll kind of see where this thought process coming from. And I was just thinking about the action that we need to take. And then also I'm going to jump into very specific action. I'm going to give you guys homework this week here in the next couple of minutes, okay? So if we go to my Instagram, you are going to see, wow, my computer just doesn't love me today. You're going to see some cool little things I run, I run into these questions all the time. So let's go to my Instagram, cool. And then let's go to my stories, okay? So there's a whole other conversation for another day is I can have a view guys or more than half you guys don't know how to post on social media. So here's a question I get, I don't know, a couple times a week. Hey, paste, life advice question that I'm hoping you can help with. Any advice and how I can get my significant other on board with allowing me, allowing me to work more and not making me feel guilty for it. We've got a nine month old daughter and I understand and do help take care of her and give her quality time. But if I work anything outside of a normal eight to five, I'm chastised for it. Just trying to hustle and get my family into a better place one day, whether you get to this or not, thanks for all you do. Okay, cool. So nobody allows me to do anything. Here's some advice for you, men. Are you a man? Then don't let anybody control you. I don't care if you're married, I don't care if you you have a significant relationship. Don't let anybody control you. Go read a book called Why Women Test You. Women don't know this. But women are biologically designed to test your resolve. Listen to this, women are biologically designed to test your resolve. What does that mean? It means nag you, bother you, test you all the time. Why? Because they need to know if you're a real man or not all the time. They need to be reassured. Are you a real man? Do you stand up for yourself? Are you a leader? Are you going to go do the work regardless of how they feel about it? And then you're going to produce the results. And when you produce the results, you're not going to rub it in their face. You're just going to when you produce the results, you immediately turn around and you go get more results. You are put on this earth, think about this, to do nothing more than work your ass off. You are only entitled to the work. That's it. You're not entitled to anything. So when you're wife or your husband, okay, I don't need to say both. I'm just going to say wife or your significant other. Don't make me choose my words, please. When they nag you, they bother you and very lovingly say, hey, I'd love to take you on a date. When you take them on a date, take them to their favorite restaurant, whatever it is. And I would ask them, what does what design what life do you want? Are you happy with how much money we have? Are you happy with the cars that we drive? Are you happy with the vacations I'm taking you on? Are you happy with the clothes that you're wearing? Are you happy about the stress that you have to go through on a daily basis of should I take my child to dance class or should I clean the house? And you'll find that your significant other has significant mindset problems. That's why we call them significant others. Because they have significant mindset problems. One, they don't believe that they're worthy of having a nanny. One, they don't, or two, they don't believe that they're worthy of a nicer car or nicer vacation or being able to go on vacation and say, hey, I'm not going to go to the budget burrito shop with our kids, which my parents did. My parents when we went on vacation, what my parents do. They took us to McDonald's and my dad didn't let us choose anything. He just said, 10 breakfast burritos and 10 chocolate milks because I weighed a big family. Go read the book, why women test you and find out that what you've done is become a pussy. And you've allowed that woman to knock you down and knock you down and knock you down and you think that's what she wants. She actually wants you to man up and take the action and take the leadership role and take the torch and run it to the finish line. That's what she wants. And women are going to constantly test your resolve, the rest of your life. And when your woman is nagging you, it's because you haven't produced any freaking results. And you haven't set the proper expectation and you haven't painted the vision and you haven't proper expectations are, I'm going to I'm going to fail for a year. I'm going to fail for two years. And then you'll start seeing results. Okay. So that's the answer. And the problem is a lot of you guys right here when we're going back to this, I'm lost. I need guidance. I'm confused. I need a one on one, 100% of the time every time I do one on one with people, it's because of this exact problem because I can tell you the information I give people is second to none. If I compared myself to Andy for cell at Ed Mylett, Jim Rohn, Tony Robbins, Mel Robbins, etc. And if you just did what I told you physically, you would make way more money listening to me than you would anybody else. The problem is, how is it that people are still saying I'm lost? I need guidance. I'm confused. I need a one on one. It's because they're not taking action. Okay. So I'm going to give you guys some action to take this week. Okay. Some really specific things. And I want you guys to have the proper expectation. Okay. The proper expectation of this is that you will fail. Okay. 99% of the time. That's the proper expectation. And what's funny is I desire failure. I wake up in the morning and I think, what am I going to fail at today? Where am I going to screw up? Okay. One of my team members screwed up the other day and she just had come. Okay. She had just come over to my team in the last 30 days and she made a mistake and she became this very scared. She didn't want to tell me. She actually sent me a text and she said, Pace, I'm so nervous. I'm going to throw up. I have to tell you a mistake. Okay. I made a mistake. I was like, Oh, okay. Great. Get on the phone. She tells me the mistake. It's going to cost me probably five or six thousand dollars. And I said, she goes, wow, you handled this well. And I'm like, yeah, because I'm really, I'm really proud of you. She's like, what? You're proud of me. And I said, yeah, because you took action. If five or six thousand dollars is the price I have to pay for you to take action, I'll pay that all day long. Okay. So let's talk about some actions, especially in this very specific world. Okay. Very specific world. So the action that we have to take is at the heart of this business. Okay. There's other things like, you know, the technical parts, right? There's the personnel, right? Sorry, I didn't draw the start parts properly. You know, there's, you know, there's the banking side of the business. Right. There's the advertisement advertising, all that kind of stuff. There's so many things in here, right? As part of this business, but at the core of every business is this. This is the most important part of this. So let's, let's get, let's get anti-ed my let for a couple of minutes. Okay. I gave you five minutes of ed my let. I'm going to give you a little pace more be. Okay. So what are some action steps that we can actually take that are act that are very specific. Okay. Number one, I want you guys actually outreaching. And I'm going to just call this creating chaos. I love this phrase create chaos because what happens is you're going to have a thousand things happen to you. Like Heather Witzig, I think is somebody I'm very proud of. She takes a lot of action. She breaks things and then she comes in and says, I have a very specific thing that broke and I have a question about it. Okay. Josh Mason, is that your wife that's standing next to you? Give me a thumbs up. I'm very proud to see both of you guys on here. I'm very proud of your wife as a major support and foundation to your business. That makes me so happy. He's like actually it's the other way around. That's great. Okay. So creating chaos. So what are some chaotic things that happen? So let's say a wholesaler comes to you and says, Hey, here's an opportunity. That opportunity could be I need a thousand dollars and I'll give you three thousand dollars back. I've got one right now that they need 40 thousand dollars. And some of you guys say, I don't have 40 thousand dollars. Guys collectively, do you guys have 40 thousand dollars in here? Okay. Don't let that be your problem, please. Do you know how much PCS, by the way, has gotten people in the last 30 days of lines of credit and credit cards? Do you guys have any idea how much? $1.9 million just in the last 30 days. So do you guys think that we have I get this text message from Steve Harvard, by the way? So do you guys feel like as this goes on for the next six months, what did you guys pay PCS? Like $1,900 or something like that? Do you guys feel like you've gotten your money back yet? At least from education and camaraderie and other people and all of that type of stuff. Okay, cool. I'm going to tell you guys, you guys want to hear one of the most important things I live my life by when somebody does something for me, kind, uplifting, etc. I never let them forget it. Even yesterday, Jamil, you know, I know he's driving up to Flagstaff and I sent him a text message and I said, Hey, just want to remind you of how grateful I am for you and he's like, for what? What did I do today? And I then said, when we met six years ago, you helped me with one of the biggest problems I was dealing with and it led me down this journey. He's like, dude, stop thinking me for that and I go, bro, I'll never let you forget it. So many of you guys will have somebody help you. Maybe that's me. Maybe that's somebody else in this group and you'll say, thank you one time. Constantly remind people of the things that they did for you all the time. Okay, so why do I say that? Because Steve Harward and PCS has fulfilled their obligation to you guys. Okay, and they're going to continue to crank out and continue to do things for you. And I bet you by the end of the year, there will be $10 million in credit lines that were garnered and obtained in this group. Just this group is a believe that 530 people in here are going to have probably 10 to 15 million dollars by the end of this year. That's powerful guys. It's so powerful. One was the last time you guys went into, if you're a sub two student, one was the last time you went into my Facebook group and you said something and tagged Steve Harward or PCS and said, I just want to take a moment and thank PCS for taking care of me. I want to thank Pace for this one nugget I got today. If you guys want to end this also is outreach. Okay, I'm going to teach you guys something about outreach. Healing two birds with one stone is it smart that I can start with gratitude and then also say, I learned something today from Pace. Makes me feel good. Obviously, I work for emotional income at this point and then say, I learned this amazing nugget today. If anybody wants to talk about it or hear my thoughts on it, here's my phone number and have other people hear you and listen to you and get new relationships, etc. This whole entire business is all about finding new relationships. And so what you guys think, I have a marketing brain and so my brain is always thinking in these ways, most people just go and post, here's what I learned today in one of Pace's zooms. My sub two students learn thousand times more than what you guys are learning here. But when they go into the Facebook group, I see a lot of them go, I learned such and such today. Thank you, Pace. And I'm like, you miss the most important part, which is if you guys want to hear me talk about this or you want 15 minutes on the phone, I'd love to share how I digested this and how I'm applying it to my business. Okay, so do that. Make sure you take the time to do that for people that do things for you at a very high level. And why am I so thankful for like a PCS, sorry, because I referred 400 of my students to Anderson Business Advisors a year and a half ago. And I know what it feels like when a student gets taken advantage of by somebody who I push them to. I didn't get paid for it. There's no affiliate code. How do I know there was 400? Because I always give a code to make sure that my people are in a category at any one of these companies. And I still have students that DM me and they razz me a little bit. And I deserve it because I only worked with Anderson for like two months before I realized, oh my gosh, I should never be referring people to this company. I know what it feels like to come out of that desert and walk into an oasis. And so I remember that feeling of, wow, this is what a real company does and really operate. So I am constantly texting Steve and sending him voice memos and those types of things. Whenever it comes to my mind, I'm sending somebody voice memo. Thank you, man. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Just want to let you know I'm so grateful for you. And then that what does that make Steve want to do? It makes Steve want to serve you guys even more. Right. So that's just this amazing world. If you're not spending time to be grateful to people all the time, not like once a day, guys, I'm constantly you need to be constantly taking action all the time. Can we all agree that your number one problem right now with Gator lending? Okay. Your number one problem with Gator lending is you're not taking action because you're waiting for me to tell you what to do. Isn't that interesting? Okay. Yeah, I've put in 20 hours of what this business looks like. I've created this structure, what it looks like. Okay, here's the structure. Right. Here's the, I've given you the structure. I've told you what the business operating to me looks like. I've told you, hey, this is, this is you know, this part you do this and then this happens and then this happens and then this happens and then this happens and I've given you the whole structure and I keep giving you the structure. Keep giving you the structure. Keep giving you the structure. And then what's happening is the heart of the business is right here and you're waiting for me to tell you what to do. Okay. So let's go into some action steps. Okay. And by the way, I already told you guys like I see some stuff in the comments like, hey, I've already screwed myself on one. Well, guys, I told you roll number one of gator lending is what? Never lose money. I'd rather you not do the deal if you even have to second guess whether it's going to be a money maker or money loser. Okay. Roll number one of gator lending. Don't lose money. Okay. Don't lose money. So if you're uncertain, this is what I like about Fee and I like about how their wits is that they'll go out and they'll look at these opportunities and they'll say no, no, no, no, maybe. Okay. Katherine says, Fee told you to tell I'm actually really proud of Fee. She's posting on social media. Okay. Nina Shup says she has a deal that she needs funding. Nina, I will get to you in just a second. That's great. Okay. So how many times are you going to look at a deal? Let's just get you guys some clear expectations. Okay. This is the same thing in real estate investing. I tell people this all the time, but they don't do it. 50 leads in real estate equals one cash deal and one creative deal. Okay. For any of you guys that don't know what that means, you don't need to. But the point is this, I got 50 leads and people go, Hey, I'm lost. I need guidance. I need a one on one. And I go, let me guess you don't have 50 leads. I go, Oh, no, I don't have any leads. Okay. Why do you feel like you need a one on one? Why do you need you? Why do you feel like you need help? It's because of the same thing. Right guys? They're not taking action. That's it. So I want you to remember this. Whenever you feel lost, not motivated, not, you know, I need guidance. I need this that in the other guys. Go to Ed my let and have him tell you what to do. Get him to motivate you. That's not my job. I hate that shit. I don't, if I have, if I, I love it, don't get me wrong. I utilize it myself, but I don't want to tell you to go listen to Jim Rohn. I don't want to tell you to go listen to less brown. I don't want to tell you to go listen to Ed my let you should be listening to those things. Okay. Don't make me have to talk about how you should live your life. I want to get to the technical stuff. Okay. So here we go. So 50 leads in real estate equals one cash deal or one creative deal. And so people will come to me and they'll go, well, how do I create those leads? Okay, cool. Well, I'll, I'll test. I'll teach them how to text. I'll teach them how to cold call. And I'll teach them how to do all these things, right? Mailers. Literally, I've done everything or hire a VA. I've done challenges for 30 days where that's all we did is we showed you the technical part of this. And then what happens to people, oh, that was so good. Oh my gosh, pace, that's life changing. And then what happens is 60 days later, I get an email. What do they say? I'm lost. I need guidance. I know one on one with you will change my life. Help me. Guys, like literally, there's no cure for any of this stuff except for taking action and creating problems in your business. For a lot of you guys that are in the nine to five world and you've never really had any other thing in your life besides a nine to five. Like here, here's an interesting about, think about Heather Witzig. I'll bring her up multiple times because she's also a transaction coordinator. She's an action taker. The great thing about Heather Witzig is that she is a nomad. Does anybody know what a nomad is? I mean, she doesn't have a home. She's literally traveling around the country and she took action. She's like, this is the lifestyle I want to live. So she took action. And she's doing cool stuff, right? So do you think she's going to ever have a problem with taking action? Or do you think her problem is now she's taking so much action, she actually has real problems in her business. Okay, so she hears no, no, that's not a good deal. That's not a good deal. No, this person, this person wants me to be a hard money lender. I'm not a hard money lender. This person wants me to be a private money lender. I'm not a private money lender. So I'm going to hear this no times 30. I'm going to hear this no times 20. And then I'm going to hear, oh, a gator loan or a short term loan, right? Gator loan or short term loan. I'm going to say no to that three times. And then I'm going to hear two yeses. But it required you to hear 53 knows before you got two. Okay. This is this is your business. And what happens is people in the nine to five world are the eight to five. It's actually eight to five. The people that are in the eight to five world, they are so used to being reactionary. Okay. So this is this is why your job is paying you what you're worth. Okay, what does that mean? It means your job, your company typically is filtering through the nose for you, right? They're generating leads for you. They're putting things on your plate and they're saying just handle the yeses or the maybe's. That's it. And they're allowing you to live your life in a reactionary state instead of a creation state, which is what I live in, I create everything I eat, everything is created. Okay. And I have to hear unfortunately a hundred nose before here. Yes. Okay. So let's talk about how do I how do I get there? How do I actually get these nose? How do I get myself out there? We all we all understand it's the nose are required. I can move on to some technical stuff, some really specific things. We all know that the nose are required so I what I really should ask you is in the future when somebody one of the gators comes and raises their hand and they go, pace I'm lost. One, I'm just going to kick them out of the zoom. I really want but I feel like it sometimes. Okay, because I've already answered this. I'm pays I'm lost. I'm lost. No, you're not lazy. You're you're you're you're you're living that umbilical life, right? You're looking for somewhere to plug your umbilical cord into. You want somebody else to feed you and just tell you what to do. Okay. So um I have an opportunity right now. Let's talk about where that opportunity came from. I'll talk about the funnel here in a second. I get an opportunity. This is a wholesaler. WS stands for wholesaler for somebody that's watching this in the future. A wholesaler comes to me comes to me and says I need $40,000 on a really big juicy deal and I need it for three days. Great. So Molly negotiates a $7,000 deal, right? $7,000. So man, I'll take that all day long. What's my return? Somebody mathematically let's figure out the return on this $40,000 to $70,000. That is $70,000 or I'm sorry $7,000 in um 40 out of $40,000. What's my percentage on that? Somebody help me out on that. $17.5%? Cool. Thank you. So $17.5% in equals and three days. That's pretty good, right? So if we take that and we multiply that by 100 because I have I could do that technically. I know it's impossible to do that through every three days and not have any break between it. But technically, technically when you talk about annualized return, that was 17% in three days, multiply that 17.5% by 100. What's that number? The 1700. Okay. So 1750% return annualized. That's pretty good, right? Like, is that a bad return, guys? Okay. This is why Gator lending is super powerful. Okay. I don't need, I don't need to turn that every three days. I think some people in here, $7,000 in just a month would change your life, right? Anybody in here is like seven grand would just change my life overnight. Like, literally, it would free up my ability. I feel like most people are kind of living in this world right here where it's like, here's here's my check I get. Okay. That check travels as far as like maybe 10 days. And I would say 90% of what you think about on a daily basis outside of your wife and your kids is I need more. You're constantly saying this to yourself, I need more, I need more, I need more. Things are not matching up. I need a new car. This car is causing a problem. I need a grocery suck or it's like a lot of people, $7,000 is a game changer, right? Okay, great. So let's talk about this. Where did this opportunity come from? Well, I have a pretty significant advantage. Okay, what's my advantage guys? What's my advantage that you guys don't have? Okay, like that. I like that. Capital platform, brand, right? Network. Experience, I like that. I trust. Oh, that's a good one. That's true, right? People trust me because I had, I've never screwed anybody and I've had all the, there we go. Okay, I got, I got the number one thing I wanted from Laura. You guys all think this is my advantage. My advantage is consistent action. Very long period of time. Okay, I started posting on Instagram 10 years ago. I had no idea how to use Instagram and I actually teased people that were on it. I was like, oh, social media. Right, I did all that stupid crap that everybody else does. I really did not like it and I talked a lot of crap and I talked, I talked down on it. Okay, but I still posted and I started treating it kind of like my journal and what happened is about after three years, I got the largest contract of my life with Open Door because what I was doing is I was showing before and after photos of my construction projects as a contractor. Okay, so look at this. This is this is where my advantage is, right? You guys think that my advantage is this. My advantage is this right here. Three years of no results and still taking consistent action because it was fun for me. I turned it into a game and I had no expectation out of it. Okay, am I telling you guys it's going to take you three years? No, I'm going to tell you guys something very powerful that you guys don't even understand. I worked, who did I work this three years for? My wife, my kids, who did I spend my three years right here working for? You guys, I worked those three years of my life for you. So when you guys think, oh, I got to spend three years of my life, don't you guys feel like you guys already are robbing in a good way? You guys are robbing my credibility as a gator lender that you guys can skip all that bull crap. Okay, now here's what's interesting. I still went on and posted for six years and marketed and branded myself and watched YouTube videos on how to create a Facebook group and how to do certain things on IG and how to start a YouTube channel and all of my YouTube channel, it took me six years to see. My, took me an additional four years after I got that contract with Open Door to actually create a YouTube channel and then it took me another year. So the fifth year before I posted one video because it was just like one of those things like I need to do it. I need to do it. I need to do it. I need to do it. One day I woke up and I'm like, I'm just going to pay somebody to teach me how to do it. I spent money and I took the action and all that kind of stuff, right? So then it was another six years of just taking action, taking action, taking action, taking action. And then, you know, weird way. I don't know how this is possible, but then I got a TV show. That's pretty cool. And then all of a sudden I have a community of people that like the way I teach and they like who I am. And we spend a lot of time together and I love made people and I realized this is where my heart was right here. He says my wife and kids, this is like my biggest passion is my sub-to community. Okay? But it took me how many years? It took me 10 years to get here. So would it be weird and kind of entitled entitled for you guys to think that you guys are going to be able to get here without putting in 10 years of work? I think that it's okay for you guys not to want it to be 10 years. But I'm going to tell you guys right now my job and this is what a mentor's job is. Okay? What is a mentor's job? The number one part of a mentor's job is a person foremost is cut the learning curve. I went through 10 years of crap and condensed my experience so I can educate you guys. Okay? My other part of our job is to provide resources to you that you don't you don't have the time or energy to create or capital right? If you think about like think about all of the money that I put into my team and my staff and all the people that are behind the scenes right? That costs a lot of money. Okay? And then also my job is to give you guidance along the way kind of like the bumpers in a bullying out. But I say all of that to tell you that if you expect that you're going to build this business without taking a year of consistent action and posting on social media, I had one guy that works for the police department and he's like hey besides going on Facebook, where can I go to learn from your students? And I was like what what what I mean that's where my students are there in Facebook groups like what are you talking about? He's like well you know I work at the police academy and the police academy, you know they basically tell us we shouldn't have social media and this and the other was like well, congratulations your government is controlling you. That's amazing to make congratulations. So you have to use modern technology. Okay? So let's talk about some very specific things you guys need to do. Okay? I'm going to tell you that probably number one best place to go is you're not going are you guys going to find a gator opportunity in here? Inside of this tribe. So let's say tribe. I would say yes for sure, but it's going to be very rare. Okay? So let's make sure that that's a very good expectation. I think what you're going to find is you're going to find an opportunity to squad up. Okay? So there's going to be some larger loans, some larger things where you guys are going to get together collectively and put your resources together. Okay? But if you guys are coming in here thinking this is where you're going to find deals, you're you're you're crazy, right? Because remember in like zoom number two or zoom number three, we had somebody kept coming in and promoting and like I'm a gator lender anybody needs gator lending. Well, it's like bro, what do you think this audience is? Everybody's gators in here. What are you talking about? Right? Do you guys remember that? It was like what do you talk? Everybody's in here trying to do the same thing. Everybody needs to go out. Okay? Now I don't know about you guys, but for me, I have found one of the best places to go is, okay? I'm going to do this as number one, not a number one is real estate. Facebook groups. Number one. Okay? Number two is real estate and then we have a lot of people who are going to be in the same business. Okay? So you're going to have Facebook groups. You're going to have mentorships. Why are Facebook groups so good? Because they're going to be larger and it's going to be a lot of newer people. Okay? Um, faith mentorships are going to be a lot of people that are a little bit higher success rate. They're going to be seeing more deals. Okay? Because they have more guidance, more help, they have more community, etc. But unfortunately, is there not going to be as new and needy as people in like free Facebook groups? Okay? Another place? Believe it or not? This is where I crush it. IG, I crush this so hard and I'll give you guys some technical stuff on this in a little bit. Okay? So what about trust level outside of sub two? Um, you, this is why paperwork is so important. So Julie, you just got to test the waters. I'm doing a bunch of deals for people outside of sub two. Okay? I just understand my paperwork, right? And I have a team. Okay? So IG is super important. How do I do that? Pay attention to this guys. Is it by posting? Am I, am I posting hey, am I gator lender? Yes, a little bit, but here's the reality is the algorithm doesn't like you. You're, you don't have tons of tons of tons of people following you. Okay? So how do I do this on IG? IG stories are good, but you don't have a lot of followers doing. So how do, how do I get this is where there's a hack? Okay? You guys need to go on other wholesaler and other real estate investors comments and start DMing people that are in the comments. Okay? There you go. Tony, if you need to leverage someone else's followers and DM them like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, right? So again, here's the, here's the challenges. I have a group of followers, right? I have, just in the last, I made one post this last week that, um, I made one post last week that made, I'm at 5.7 million views on that. I think we had 9,000 followers, right? 9,000 followers on that one post. That's pretty cool. So I, we have an audience, right? My team has done a great job where we're building our audience, all that kind of stuff. More eyeballs, more opportunities, right? I'm not going to teach you that because that takes a long time. What you need to do is you need to go and leverage other people's Facebook groups. Okay? I'm going to teach you guys what to post. We're actually going to actually give you guys the actual post. We're going to write it down and then I'll get into some Q&A. All right? So with the, um, yeah, Darren Talcat says such an opportunity for free generation in Facebook groups. I'm going to change this up for you because Kelly understands how Kelly's awesome. By the way, she's always been awesome. But we talk about this. Kelly and I were on the Zoom yesterday for like an hour talking about how to get people to take action by providing so much value and leading them down a path and never being the person that says, I'm a gator lender. It's okay to say you're a gator lender. Okay? Because at some point in a year from now, people really understand what that even means. Okay? But right now they don't. So it's better to like continually do it and do it and do it, do it, do it, do it. But we'll explain that and I'll come up with an actual post that you guys should be making all the time and you can then give you permission right now. Okay? Change it up on your own accord. Okay? Because what I'm going to come up with here in a little bit is going to be really specific, um, to just giving you guys a template. And then you guys need to change it up on your own. Okay? I'm going to tell you guys the value that you provide to these people and, um, all of that. Can you tell I have less jokes in me today? It's because I feel I have the flu. Flu, the flu, all the flu does. It doesn't stop me. It just keeps me from making jokes. Some people are like, great. Have the flu every time we're sick of the jokes. Okay? Um, Brian says, you need a brandy and a hot tub. I've never drink alcohol. I don't, maybe a diet coke. I'll have a diet coke. Would that help me get rid of my flu? Um, okay. So let's talk about where else can I find these opportunities? Here's another really good one, guys. Oops, my bad. Here's another one that you guys don't think about. You don't. At YouTube comments, so check this out. This is really interesting. I'll show you guys some real technical stuff. How about that? I always love someone, somebody shows me how to do it, right? For the first time. And then I can, I can go, oh, that's a thing. That's real. Right? All right. So check this out. Um, you guys can see the kind of stuff I watch on my YouTube. Like what YouTube subscribes or sends me. Here I'll show you. YouTube thinks all I care about is an escalate, which it is right when in the process of buying an escalate for my family, because that's stupid test list too small. So, um, there's that little Kendrick Lamar, little Donald Trump. I, I could care less about the orange monster, but for some reason they think I like him. I love Jim Rohn. I really like listening to him. So, but there you go. All right. So let's go to Jerry Norton transactional funding. Ooh. All right. Check it out. How to finance a wholesale deal? 12,000 views, 17,000 views. How to use my money to flip houses with 100%. Um, see how to get 100% funding, 12,000 views. Pretty good. Good, right? Transactional funding made simple. The wholesalers two bucks, 12 bucks, 2000 views. How to get proof of funds? Oh, I have a secret, I have a secret for you guys today, by the way. It's really cool. Okay. So check this out. Does, do you think Jerry has comments in his YouTube? By the way, this is great. It's large. Okay. So here we go. So if you come in there, you reply, love Jerry Norton. My name is pace morbby. If you ever need help looking at deals or funding your projects, I am more than happy to have a conversation. I YouTube is frozen. Okay. Now I can put my email on here, but I'm not going to type any email. I'm not going to like put my email on here just because of who I am. Um, but that's it. Right? I'm not spamming. I'm saying I'm complimenting the person who made the posts. I love Jerry Norton. He's the best. My name is pace morbby. That's it. Okay. This guy Bruce Kiko. Hey, Jerry, well, it's a great approach to opening a transaction. Yeah, I always got to love and know it all. Right? But when I love about Jerry is that he has some of the best content in the game, but you know what else I love about Jerry? Is he never really replies to his own YouTube comments? And so what that does for me is it gives me an opportunity. Look at these people have never been replied to. Okay. So is it possible to provide a soft proof of funds prior to finding the buyer and use it to represent to the buyer? Yes, Chase. If you need a POS, please reach out. IG is pace morbby. Okay. So I'm going to, where, where am I sending him? I'm sending him instead of my email and my phone number, I'm giving him an IG to go in DM. So I can actually start communicating with him. Is this helpful guys that you guys didn't even know you could do this? Okay. Pretty simple. Okay. Now, here's what I'm going to tell you guys. Today, I'm giving you guys a little bonus. Okay. I'm going to give you guys my proof of funds that you guys can use as bait or helping people out. Okay. So you can go in there. So let's talk about this. Let's talk about the value that you guys can provide. Yes. And that's I'm understating and moving on very quickly. It's absolutely insane. I'm giving you guys bait. Okay. You guys don't have a proof of funds. I think we have something like two and a half million dollars in the account right now. So it's like, I could, you know, send you guys a screenshot, right? So pretty powerful for a lot of you guys that don't have that. So let's talk about what I can type. What or what value I can provide to people. Okay. What value can I provide to people? Okay. Number one, underwriting. Guys, people are lost. Okay. There's an opportunity for you guys with underwriting or comping properties. And there's a lot of people in here that don't know how to comp properties, but there are people in here who do know how to comp properties. Who in here does know how to comp properties? Chris Richards says, if you ended the training right now, I wouldn't you be mad. Did guys, do you guys want me to go back to the ed my let style where I just yell at you and get your asses off the couches? Is that what you guys want? Are you guys want like literal things to help you like what I just showed you? Okay. So people who can comp, you have a value that's very powerful. And you do what's funny is you guys don't realize how powerful this is for a lot of people. Now there are people that don't know how to comp and that's fine. So I'm going to give you guys a strategy. Okay. Make sure there's people in your phone go into the gator and think Kelly, by the way, Kelly convinced me to open up the gator chat. I did not want to do it. She did it. So we open up gator chat. So what you guys need to be doing is finding people and putting people in your phone that know how to comp. So go in the gator chat go who can comp for me because I don't know how to comp. Okay, because why do I need somebody who can comp is if I go out into YouTube comments. Guys, do you know how many YouTube comment YouTube videos there are out there that are untapped? Nobody even looks at. Let's look at, let's look at one of my favorite YouTube channels. This is a good one because when he does comment, it's just bots. It's just so great. People see right through it so fast. Like all the bots. Give me all the bots. You guys, you guys reply with bots. Okay, let's just do Chris Cron. Okay, he has a lot of viewers. 822,000 subscribers. Let's see, he's got one that's like really like a lot of views, like 4 million, 5 million views. But check this out five months ago. Retired at 26,000, 3 years ago, 760,000 views. Okay, cool. Now, the older the video from like four years ago, the less likely you're going to get people because a lot of times people will fall out of this business. But so I'll start here so you guys, I don't, I'm not competing with you. But check this out. Look at this. Three years ago, so this is 2019. Three years ago, let's see, let's see if we can change the way this is done. Sort by newest. So five days ago. I don't know why, but my keyboard just does stupid stuff. Okay, now you can go through and pick and choose. You don't need to comment to everybody. You can go through and spend more time. Okay, looking at, like this guy, I don't think this is guy I want to I want to have DME. He's like, okay, so you just got to buy a mansion and then rent a simple. Okay, this guy in India, 14 years old, live in India, probably don't want to DM him, right? Here in Arizona, a decent house, 300,000. So Alec Williams is probably 10, you know, 10 months ago. I'm just going on an older set of videos, but I'm just letting you know, they still, his videos still get views five days later. And he doesn't nobody on his team replies. Look at all these people. Literally, people in here saying, I don't know what to do. Now you can get really niche, right? So again, that's why I went to Jerry Norton on transactional funding is because Jerry Norton or, if I'm a transaction coordinator, by the way, there's people out here training this 19,000, 19,000 people. Guess what? They're a smaller group. So look what they do. They actually make comments. They do a good job. But watch this. They'll at some point they stop making comments. So watch this. You got to sort by newest first. Wow, these guys are on it. This is a good team. This is how you build your YouTube channel, by the way, you comment on everything. Now they might comment with like a copy and paste. There you go. Okay, see what they're doing. They're giving links. You can give links. You can give email addresses. You can give Instagram things. And what I would do is I would come in here and I would say something like this was really informative or interviewed. Cool. Rian. I'm a transaction. If you're a transaction, transaction coordinator, by the way, I'm not a transaction coordinator by living, but I'm just going to tell you what I would write if I was a transaction coordinator for a living. And if you ever want to learn, let's see, if you ever want to chat, DM me on IG. Okay, because what the problem is YouTube is YouTube doesn't have a communication feature that allows you to like DM and message people at like a really good level. So I can go in there and chat with people and say, hey, go DM me on Instagram, right? So they're like, oh my gosh. So they'll get notified. They'll get notified that we commented. And they'll see I'm a real person. I say their real name. I type out and I I screwed that up. That's really that's not good. When you spell some of these name incorrectly, just call yourself. I'm saying it's the worst thing you could do. Spell some of these name wrong. So there you go. How's it doing that? Well, I screwed that up, but you guys get you guys get the point. So if you guys go into transactional lending, right? Trans-trans-actional funding or YouTube videos, you're going to have like a very, very niche audience. Okay. Let me let me tell you guys something. Okay. Jerry Norton, who's one of my best friends, I bought my house from him. Jerry Norton has a transactional funding mentorship. Okay. He charges people $1,000 to have the right to get his transactional funding. Let's say that again. Jerry Norton charges people $1,000 to have the right to use his transactional lending. He sells how much of those a month? About 500. Brings in half a million dollars a month from people that like will never use it. Okay. Now, if you're in his comments, okay, I'm not suggesting everybody go in there and do the same thing, but there's a lot of YouTube videos out there guys. A lot of YouTube videos, all about transactional lending, about the wholesale process, about the paperwork, about how to fill out a contract. Do you guys think these are probably the right places for you to find people that need your help? Okay. Facebook groups are really good as well. So I'm going to give you guys some really good stuff to type in a Facebook group. Okay. I'll show you in my Facebook group. Um, because why not? It's my Facebook group. And then that way you guys can see me do it instead of just talk about it. I have a she made it. Here we go. So let's go to Facebook, create a finance with paste morby. If you're a sub two student, you can put posts in our sub two group, but I'm not going to go in there. So this is a Facebook group that I'm going to continue to grow. Right. So I can change who is typing. Let's see, that's not how I walk. Okay. Group by paste morby say, okay, I'm going to change this to paste Jordan Morby. Me. Why did it come across as me? Um, some people don't know what comping a deal is. So let's say, let's simplify it. Um, um, evaluating a lead or a house to see if it's a deal or not. Two, um, talking to your sellers about terms, um, paper work, etc. Okay. So if you're a transaction coordinator, um, you can say something. I'm really, you don't need to say I'm a transactional transaction coordinator. Just say I'm really good at paperwork and love helping people. Um, I know a lot of title companies around the country. My keyboard is so funny. It doesn't like me like typing too fast. I'm typing too fast. So it's like, etc. If you need a referral, let me know. Five, um, I do gator lending. You can use gator lending. People will get to a point where they understand what this is. If you need money or earn this money, I can help. I have a proof of funds. P.o.f. You can use. Okay. Now, do you need to type all of these things? No. MJ wait is take, or MJ wait, are you taking a photo of this right now? Yes. So guys, do you need me to tell you every word to type or do you, do you feel that you can type a lot of this stuff yourself? You can come up with this stuff, right? And by the way, do if you should ever share my creative finance documents with a non-student, I will, you will not like what happens. Okay. I have a proof of funds you can use. Let's see. What else can I provide a value to them? Let's see. If you live by me, I'm happy to drive for deals with you. Okay. I do a local meetup in blank. And in some, some of you guys don't have that. Okay. 10 or 9. What are some really unique values? Guys. Oh yeah, boots on the ground. I like that. Boots on the ground. Going to appointments for you. Right. I like that one. Riley says, I'm a chronic subscription subscriber. So I have access to 10 plus different software platforms to poll leads, help with underwriting, copying, rent data, fantastic wholesale contract agreement. I'm happy to help you figure out whatever you need. Yeah, that's really good. I like that. Okay. So here's what I, here's what I want you guys to do. I want you guys to take a couple of minutes in the zoom, in the zoom chat. I want you guys to type out what your first post would be. Okay. It doesn't need to be one, two, three, four, five. It could be like Riley's, right? Riley didn't have a one, two, three, four, five. Mine is me, me trying to help you guys. Okay. I encourage you to post what you need to post. I'm not going to post that because I'll give you guys the opportunity to post those things. Okay. Now, one thing I can tell you. Yes, Alec, I'm going to answer this question one more time. Guys, I've asked, I've answered this so many times. How many times have I answered the whole, can I share the wholesale contract? How many times have I answered that? Alec, that tells me you have not watched the zooms. And if you say, no, I've watched them. Did you sneeze for 30 minutes at a time? A chew while I was talking about it? Yes, we wrote that contract. It cost me $3,200 to draft that contract. Alec, and anybody else watching this, if you are watching these out of order, please do not watch these zoom, these Gator zoom data boarder, please. I know it's very enticing for you guys to want to just be part of the spoon fed lives, right? But please make sure you watch things in order because you ask questions like that and it deviates from the process of us teaching. Okay. If you are in here and you're asking questions and you have skipped a zoom, please lower your hand. I will roast you. Okay. Nisha Hyatt, she says, I can help analyze your your leads. I can even help lock up a seller and fund the earnest money. Love that. That's a really short and sweet one. I like that. Nisha, a lot. Yeah. Joseph says the goal is to have everyone use this wholesale contract and stream yard the Gator lending process. That's correct. Okay. So here we go. Are you overwhelmed with real estate? The real estate process? I can help. I would, Scott, I would give them a more specific thing that you can help with. Like, are you overwhelmed with the real estate process? For example, calling sellers, where do I get leads from? Blah blah blah, I can help, right? Give them a couple specifics. I would say that, um, are you overwhelmed with the real estate process? This is a very ed my let statement, very generalized, not specific. Nisha's is very specific. I like Nisha's a lot. So add something to yours. I like, let's see. Jenny or Jenny, I would say, I don't know how to pronounce that. I'm very sorry. I'm pretty good at comping. I would make it a little bit more funny. Okay. I would say something I'm pretty dang good at comping if I say so myself. So if you need help, please DM me. Okay. Don't say I'm pretty good at comping because people are not going to reach out to you. You're going to be like, paste. I made the post and nobody's reaching out to me. Okay. I like Tammy's. Tammy says I'm a licensed agent and have years of experience comping properties. I'm an investor friendly and can work with paperwork. Also, proof of funds or earnest money funding. I would make sure I add a couple of those things so that people you're attracting a very specific type of person. You want people to see that you're either a gator lender or you have proof of funds or you have earnest money. Those types of things are really like what you wrote, Tammy. It's really good. Rick Tamborino says, wholesalers, I can provide earnest money or proof of funds for your deals. Hit me up and then give them Rick just a very specific way to hit you up. Right? I like Bob. Bob says need help making offers. Have a great contract and earnest money and proof of funds today. That's gangster. I like that a lot. Very specific. Really, really good. Are you struggling with getting your contracts through escrow and missing deadlines and missing structure? I can help you coordinate your transactions to help them get to the finish line. I really like that one. And you'll you'll practice that. You'll start getting even better and better and better. And here's the thing like when I'm posting on Instagram, oh, by the way, I got a post on Instagram. Let me take an Instagram break. I like that. Dwayne says, do you have a deal? You can't get across the table. Let me be your waiter. I can serve. That's dope. I like that. Yeah, make it funny. Make it lighthearted, right? Make it feel like somebody that's not promoting something, right? Because what we get in our Facebook group, Kelly doesn't like this, but a lot of people are just constantly promoting all the time. They're constantly promoting. There we go. And you can just tell. Yeah, I like that. I like that. Kelly will kick you in the leg from promoting it on stop. But here's the thing is like, you get do you guys need to be in our Facebook group to do this? Now, if you're a sub two student, you're going to have an advantage because you have access to the sub two Facebook group and there's people doing a lot of deals in there, right? You're also going to have a disadvantage because our sub two students have my same proof of funds, right? So what you're going to want to do is if you're also an astro student or a TTP student or you're a fan of wholesale hotline, you know, wholesale hotline has like 40,000 people in that Facebook group. There's a lot of how many wholesale Facebook groups do you think there are in the country? Just take a guess. It's close to 10,000, close to 10,000. Okay, some of them are small like micro niche like 30 40 people and they're just focusing on one thing. Others are like mine that have 100 like Alex Alex Youngblood has a Facebook group with 200,000 people in it. Darren Talcat says, I'm a member of 70 so far and it's just a drop in the bucket. Okay, so Ken, this is really great. Thank you so much. This is where I was heading next, okay? Now, I'm going to tell you this is where this is what separates the men from the boys, okay? Or the women from the girls, okay? Do you have the ability to create relationships on a local basis for people that are title companies, lenders? Okay? Now for me, I'm going to tell you something really cool that I do. Okay, I'm spending more of my time in my trying to do gator loans or more sponsoring right now. I don't really need active income. I like active income but I'm now at a point where I want to accumulate a lot more wealth, right? So I'm trying to sponsor. So what do I do? I'm going out to people like myinvestorlohn.com, okay? And I am finding people who have been rejected. You know, they have like a whole rejection list and I just go, then my team reaches out to the people who have been rejecting. Go, hey, it looks like you've submitted a deal. We will sponsor your loan. Let's look at it. Guys, literally, that's an entire business this month. My team, okay? So what I'm doing with my team on my creative funding business. My business is called creative funding. Pretty pretty obvious why, right? This month, my team will bring in about $800,000 in equity positions, which means our chunks of other people's deals equals $800,000. Now that doesn't mean it's $800,000 in like real equity that I could go sell the property tomorrow and get $800,000. It means that I have an equity position that there's debt against, right? But now the tenants are paying that down. Right? So that's pretty powerful, right? You can go to hard money lenders and say, hey, if you're ever or not hard money lenders. Sorry. What is this? Gator training 6.0? Is that right? Okay. So take a moment and post on social media, guys. It's very important. All right. Yeah. So I think you guys kind of get the idea, right? We know how to post. We know how to provide value now. We know where do we know where to go? Okay. So if you're trying to get, if you're trying to get transactional lending, do I go to a hard money lender? Do I go to a, like my investor loan.com is really, really good. If you have people that are getting rejected by them, they will actually give you the rejections because these are my people, right? So this is why I track a lot of stuff. So if you go to my investor loan, what happens is they will give me all the people who followed the link that went there and say, hey, everybody that you sent, these are the 90 people this month that got rejected. So we just reach out to them like two days after they get rejecting. Go, hey, can we revive this deal? Okay. So Gabe right there gave says they rejected me. Okay. It just kind of depends on what you're looking for. So if I go to a title company, by the way, how many title companies do you think they're I swear to you? There is a title company. Let's see, let's see how many title companies there are in Phoenix, Arizona. Okay. Let's do a little test. Title and escrow companies is insane. Is insane. How many there are? Let's go how many title companies? Oh, in the USA. Okay. Actually here, let's do escrow companies. Oh, wow. Escrow services can be quite profitable, depending on the scope of services provided. Annual profits can range from $50,000 upwards of six figures. Guys, my escrow company makes about 300 grand a month. Okay. Well, let's just do let's just do Google maps. Right. So let's pull up Google maps and let's type in title company. Oh, my gosh. I can tell you right now they're not even showing you one tenth of how many there really are. So let's pull this up. There's mine. I own that title company. That's cool. They're everywhere. There's no way they don't need. Oh, my gosh. Empire what here? Let's find Empire West. I use them for such a long time. It's funny that they don't have Empire West in here. So here's superstition. Let's pull this up right here in this built look. You see this? Why is it that they don't pop up on Google maps? So like even the what I do is I here's Google maps. Right. And it shows you the stuff it wants to show you, right? But the reality is there's hundreds are that are not being shown here. I just know the one. I know the ones that I use that are not even on here. I use this company for years. And it's funny that when I go I come in here, boom, we use them for years right here in this little office. You walk in this door. This little door here was Heather's the girl that we use for two years. Let's see if I can find Steve Tranks. Okay, he's down here. All right. So let's redo the search search this area. Okay, Steve Tranks is there. That's cool. Oh my gosh. No, it's not. Okay, so that's Magnus title. Let's see where is where is. Okay, so go down rural. Oh, they have a postino there. That's cool. All right, let me pull this up. Magnus title agency. Actually, I'll type in carry persons. And carry persons Magnus title. Okay, so it's funny that she's not on here. She's one of the biggest title companies in the entire state. Crazy. Let's pull her up. Oh my gosh. Don't be annoying. Why is my keyboard doing this? Okay, 91 80 South Korean. All right, that's interesting. 91 80 South Korean. Let me pull this up again. Okay, so it's really interesting that this did not pull up. There it is. I'm going to type in carry persons Magnus title. Okay, so it's really interesting. That this did not pull up. There it is. Magnus title agency. It didn't pull up on the Google search. Okay, so what you do, if you guys literally, if you just drive around and you're driving for basically deals, you go and find every title company. There's a and I wonder if there's a way to go to the state and pull up every title company. Okay, anyway, so pretty simple, right? Now, here's the challenge with like a ria, right? So if you go to a ria, that's really hard to scale a ria, right? Because you have a lot of I call them the gray hairs, nothing against like older people. I got a lot of gray hair in my beard. I just, it's just a phrase I use. It's the older crowd. The ria's are typically the older crowd. Okay, there's two different types of meetups. There's a meetup where like people that are talking about on event bright and you know, meetup.com and Facebook groups and stuff like that, like the social media crowd, they're doing meetups. Okay, like Steve Tren has one. Cody Spurber had one for a long time. Right now Ramon Martinez has one that has like 700 people show up to it once every single month. But if you go to a ria, they're typically really stuffy. And I don't like that. That's just not my crowd. I don't like the stuffy crowd. I speak at a lot of them and they're just a lot of them are people that are like know it all. So they're real estate agents that have been around for 20 years. And they just assume that they know everything. And so when you start talking to them, oh, bigger pocket meetups are really good. Yeah, I like bigger pockets. Oh, that's another place you guys can go, right? So bigger pocket forums, right? There's so many websites that you guys can go to. Okay, that it's endless. Now, do you guys remember what at the very beginning of this when I talked about taking action when people are not asking you to take action like your job is to go out and find these things? This is what I'm talking about, right? Like don't make me tell you where to go. I think I've given you the idea of where to find business, right? Have we gotten a really good indication of where we find business? Anybody? Also, if you guys were smart, you guys would be taking a screenshot of this zoom and be putting it on your Instagram stories and saying, I'm a gator lender learning from the best. Am I the best? Yeah, I am. But you need to be utilizing me as your leverage. Right? I'm learning I'm in the gator tribe. I'm in the gator tribe. I'm in the gator tribe. I'm in the gator tribe. I'm in the gator tribe. Right? Use it. Okay. Um, let's see here. Let's I'll do some for you guys. I'll give you guys a logo that you guys can use for gator, the gator lending logo. Okay? Upload it and give it to you guys. I'm sorry. Sorry guys. I'm not ignoring you. I'm just trying to get you guys the thing that will help you today. If you guys the ability to post on some social media that looks cool. You All right. All right. So a lot of you knuckleheads that don't actually know how to use social media. You might have a hard time with this, but I put it in the gator doc folder, but I'll give you the link. Somebody will say, where's the link? Where's the link? Sorry guys. It takes a minute to I have to text them myself then put on. So can you guys see the drop box link right there? Please say yes so that the one person who has an android in here will when they say I don't see it. Okay. So there you go. There's the logo. So what I would be using is put that in there. Gator lending with pace more be give yourself the credibility leverage my 10 years of experience. And um. Oh, Kelly has an updated logo. I guess. Okay. Cool. Hold on. Let me let me give this to you guys. There you go. There's the logo right there. Sorry. Let me put this in the can somebody put that in the discord channel please. So everybody has that or Kelly can put in there. Okay. So the goal is to remind people all the time. Okay. So why am I always posting on social media? Okay. Back in the day with marketing. Okay. Back in the day, somebody would have to advertise to you. They used to say something like seven times. Somebody would see you equals that they would purchase. Okay. Seven times. That's back in the day, right? The way it is now it's about 70 times. Somebody needs to see you before they recognize what you actually do. Okay. So you need to make 70 posts on social media. You need to be doing it in Instagram stories primarily just to practice, right? You need to be talking about like hey, I'm on zoom with pace more be right now talking about gator lending. If you guys need earnest money or proof of funds or any of this kind of stuff, do you guys think that that's going to help you a lot? Stay on top of it all the time. Take a couple of screenshots, right? Talk about it like hey, this is one thing I learned today about lending. You don't need to be the expert in order to promote yourself. In fact, it's better sometimes that you're not, right? Yeah, you can use Facebook stories and put guys. Let me answer this once and for all anywhere that you can post on social media. Post it. Don't ask me, well, what about Instagram stories versus YouTube stories, YouTube has stories, TikTok has stories, Facebook has stories, Instagram has stories, LinkedIn now has stories. Should we alienate any one of those or should we just put it everywhere? And my space, right? Or when you guys are thinking about how do I create an Instagram reel or these other types of strategies? Why not talk about what you learned today on gator lending, right? As a strategy. Like, hey guys, today on gator lending training, I learned blah, blah, blah. Pretty simple. You guys understand the strategy there? Gabe says I suck at stories that you know why Gabe is because you suck at taking action. At least specifically on that, right? So you just need to take action, screw it up. I promise you like that's the thing. You guys should be posting a story right now. I posted a story right now too. Post a story. Take the time. Take the time. You suck at taking action. That's your problem, right? There's a lot of things that I suck at taking action on in my life too that I'm working on. It's okay to admit that you suck at something. At least you know you got to move forward with it, right? All right. I got a couple of questions in here. Have you guys now learned how where we go find these deals? Right? Have we learned where the opportunities come from? They don't come from coming in here and consuming. They come in and you got to go out Facebook, YouTube comments, IG posts, go into IG by the way. And anybody in here that you don't know how to use social media properly. Okay. Well, guess what you got to do? Do you want to make a lot of money? You got to do a lot of shit that you weren't doing yesterday. That's how it is. That's how it works. Last night I told my wife, I go, man, I need to make more money, which is funny, right? Because a lot of people are like, I want to make pace money. Well, I want to make I want to make somebody else's money. I want to make more money. Because I realized the more money I make, the more people I employ, I employ. Okay. So guess what I did? I realized I have to learn five new skills and do five things I wasn't doing yesterday in order to become successful. So when people, oh, I got to post on social media like every day. Yeah. Follow my, follow my stories. It follow my stories and tell me I don't post after 10 years. I'm still posting 15, 20 times a day. And the total amount of time it takes me to post an Instagram story is how much? Kelly, I do want them. You missed the training. I do want them talking about gator training. I do want them talking about it. I'm trying to get the whole industry to understand what a gator lender is so that when our gator tribe actually goes out and says, hey, I'm a gator lender, people actually know what that means, right? Because if we fragment it and if it's like, hey, I'm Orange County capital advisors. It's not like a, you know, whatever. Nobody knows how that is. Okay. Say my name, oh, Kelly's got good advice. My name is Heather Whitsig and I'm a gator lender. That's probably the right way to do it. Nobody cares what your company name is, by the way. You get, I could come up with fart lending and still make a lot of money. It does not, nobody gives a crap. Okay. Nobody cares what your company name is. They don't. They care who you are, how you can help them and what you provide. That's it. Brand your personal name. Brand your personal name. Brand your personal name. Yeah. Gini says pace reverses thought about using gator about 15 minutes after because what I started seeing is people posting, right? The action takers were posting because they weren't nobody gave them permission, which I like. And I started seeing them saying like Orange County capital advisors, please let me know if you need funding. It's like you sound like a hard money lender. Tell people you're a gator lender. The industry needs to know who we are and what we do. So that at some point, you're going to see in six months and eight months in a year. Somebody's go, I need a gator lender already in my sub two Facebook group. People are already saying, I need a gator lender. Happens all the time. Okay. Because those people have been educated and they know what the hell that is, but there's other Facebook groups and other wholesale groups and other places that don't know what that is. So we as a group need to educate people so it becomes easier and easier and easier for us as a group. Okay. Gator fart lending. Yeah, I like that. I mean, literally if you gave that to me as a company name, I would still make a shit ton of money. Naomi, how you doing? Good. How are you? You are not. I want to chat with you with a video on. Are you going to give me the pleasure? Um, trying to turn it on. Okay. There she is. How's it going, Naomi? But I'm sorry you're not feeling well. It's okay. Got a cowboy up and move forward, right? Yeah. Um, so I was kind of trying to find a wholesale groups in California and I was reaching out to my company. I know you've just lost time with somebody that they couldn't find a title company that would do the gator lending or protect their EMB. So it sounds like today, it's not really about where your lenders or your wholesaler is going to be, but really just reaching out to anybody in any state. Is that kind of the, yeah, why, I mean, why would I limit myself to only California? By the way, California sucks balls. I don't know why anybody lives there. But that's just a dig at you for living in San Francisco. California is the worst state in the nation. It's the most beautiful state by far and the best food, well, top three best food. I would say New York, Chicago, LA, best food. Um, nobody comes even close, but from your regulation standpoint and your people's willingness to work with you, I mean, California, it's like why, why would you give yourself the additional trouble of just limiting yourself to one state? Now can you, we do deals in California? Absolutely. I'm doing a creative deal in California right now. I'm doing a more B method and what it was funny is like two months prior, somebody's like, more B methods impossible in California, I'm like, no, you just don't want to find the title company that's willing to work with you. That's it. That's it. Okay. And then the other thing I was wondering is I was on Haylet Christopher's Union straight and a lot of the, some things were missing in the wholesale contract. So I was hoping ladies to use me. Tell me what was missing. He created like a section 12 and then I think my agreement with Caleb Christopher is anything that we adjust on that contract will be updated in the Dropbox folder. So it'll be updated for everybody. Okay. All right. Great. That's it. Yeah. That contract will continue to get updated and, you know, maneuvered and stuff like that. Like as we find more and more issues as a collective group, you're going to find problems with, well, my title company says this, okay, great. Well, what would they like us to see? And it might be as small as changing one word or throwing a comma in there or whatever else. But it's that con that wholesale contract guys, it will continue to change. But the main things that are in there right now are the main things we care about, right? Like I also had a student come in last week saying, well, my title company in Pennsylvania doesn't like the mutual release of the earnest money as it's written in the contract. I go ask them to tell me what they want. And they go, he comes back as, okay, they're okay with it. It's like the biggest problem with anything in real stage, you're dealing with humans, not like a standardized, even in California, it's not a standardized process. It's like, why would one title company do one and why wouldn't another is because you're dealing with personality types, not legislation? Do you think it would be worth it to talk to a real stage attorney just to why do you name me? Why do you want to do California? I don't know. I'm just thinking I might get just because I'm in California. I mean, I talked to real estate attorneys all the time. What would a real estate attorney is not going to do anything for you? The thing that's going to do something for you is getting with a title company that's willing to work with you. That's it. Yeah, I was just thinking that I had when I was talking to them, maybe I wasn't saying the right things or they just kept telling me that California law is from whatever we can. No, it doesn't. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. California law, anybody's law is a guideline, right? So it has standard processes and procedures, right? So if a seller says, hey, I weigh what about you? This is interesting. State law in California says that you as the buyer have a legal right to inspect a property under contract and right? That's their standard contract. The standard California contract written by real estate attorneys and real estate agents states that you have a standard period for inspection. So are you telling me that a seller in a buyer can't release your right as the buyer to inspect the property and just buy it as is? It's done all the time. Right? Cash buyers go to homeowners and go, I'll buy as is no inspection period. That happens all the time, right? So I waive my right to an inspection. I waive my right to an appraisal. I waive my right to any of that stuff. I can waive my right to things all the time. So just because it's standard doesn't mean I can't waive my right. So it's the same thing with the seller. The seller says, I understand what I'm signing and I'm I'm I hear by give permission right now, like in the contract, I give permission that the title company can release my earnest money. I'm currently giving you my permission as long as it's during my inspection period, they are just releasing a right that they have as a standard. That's what I need to know that guy. Yeah. And the thing is so like Naomi, first and foremost, a man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still. So could I call him and negotiate with him? Yeah, because I'm not negotiating what I'm doing is I'm manipulating him. I would say something like, oh yeah. So like let's say he goes, well, no, we can't do that. Oh, yeah, it totally makes sense. But that does have me thinking, have you guys ever done a deal where your buyer waives their inspection and waives their right to access to the property and doesn't as is purchased? Yeah, we do that all time. Okay, but isn't that kind of the same thing like they're releasing their right to an inspection? Is that not the same thing? I'm just cute. And I get him to arrive to that point. Instead of me saying, you're, you know, somebody told me this and somebody told me that they're not going to get to that point. So my job as the negotiator is to help them arrive at the conclusion themselves. Okay, I need to know what to say. And I've done this. Why here again, what's my biggest advantage, Naomi? My biggest advantage is I've been taking consistent action for so many years that I've ran into so many problems that I know how to solve just about everything by positioning and framing things properly, right? Like, um, sorry, I see stuff. So it's just experience. It's like walking, getting off the phone and going, okay, what could I have done better there? What was I missing? And also understanding through talking to real estate attorneys, I've talked to a real estate attorney in just about every state, not every state, but I've talked to a real estate attorney in just about every state. And I've never been more convinced that 99.9% of human beings in real estate don't actually know what anything is. They just were taught that by it was passed down and passed down and passed down. And then when you get an attorney involved, they go, no, technically, yes, this, the state standard, but people release their rights to things all the time, all the time, right? Or how about, um, this is another one that was really interesting to me pretty recently. Somebody was like a title company who's like, no, you have to pay off all the leans, you have to pay off all the leans. And it was the same branch. So not same branch, but it was a title company where a lot of times title companies will have two branches inside of one building. And so it's like Magnus title East and Magnus title West, Magnus title North and Magnus title South. They're all four different companies underneath the same umbrella. So like when one is overwhelmed, they go across the hall to another one and they're a K-word overwhelmed. Can you guys take five of our files? Like that's how connected, but also disconnected they are. So it's a title company that told a student in California, hey, you can't do this. The leans have to be paid off or this has to happen. And so you know what we did is we literally just went across the hall to a different title, the same title company and had somebody cross the hall to it. That's it. So I don't take I either have to make a decision if a title company says no, I have to take a position. What do I want to do? One of two things. One, I get them to come to the conclusion, whether it's sometimes I've had to do this, I stop doing it. But sometimes I have to get my attorney to write an email to them saying, hey, what you're saying is probably a little bit misleading, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, here's legislation, here's what this says, can you tell me where I'm wrong? And then the title company goes, uh, right, I stopped doing that because I realized that it was costing me money and I all I really wanted at that moment was I wanted my attorney to convince me that I was right to give me the confidence to get them to that conclusion without spending the money. Does that make sense? So if you want to get an attorney involved, great, the only thing it's really going to do for you is it's going to give you the confidence that in the future, you can walk into any title company and no, I actually know more than you. You make $13 an hour and you're pushing paperwork. I actually am doing the business. I talk to attorneys. I'm in transactions. I actually know more than you, right? And then the second one is, okay, the second one is I might just go to a different title company and just not deal with it, right? So if you go to Sean St. Clair's Facebook group, right, real estate legal, you'll find he's got title and escrow companies in almost every state that will do creative transactions. They also understand paperwork and they go, yeah, we can release this right or that right or whatever else, right? That's good. Naomi, how much how much adversity will you run into on your way to become a billionaire? Every day. All the adversity, right? We are only entitled to the adversity. That's only, that's the only thing we are entitled to. So when I started realizing that and just going, yeah, this is part for the course. I totally get this. It's going to happen. I wake up every morning going, how can I turn adversity into an education and just have a lot of fun with it? So you're going to run into all the adversity and title companies here, even. I have title companies. I have real estate agents that don't know what seller finances. I have real estate. You guys, you know, it's funny. Has anybody seen me on millennial money the other day? A podcast that now has like 70,000 views on it with Graham Stefan and Andre Ject. Has anybody seen that? You know, it's funny is like these guys who are like real estate and business people, they have no idea what hard money is. They have no idea what no joke legit. They have no idea what hard money is. They have no idea what wholesaling is. They have no idea what assigning a contract is. It is absolutely insane how little these guys actually know about real estate. Like Graham Stefan, as known as the number one real estate person on YouTube, he owns nine properties. He hasn't bought one in four or five years and he's an agent. So everything he talks about is from the agent perspective and it's not a bad thing. He helps a lot of people, but I'm just letting you know go watch go watch the podcast with Ryan Pineda and watch my podcast with them. There you go. Wait, what's hard money and Ryan eloquently lays it out and then I go on their podcast last week and they go wait what's hard money. Legit. Look at the people in the comic. Yep, I saw that. It's crazy. It was crazy. Like so I have to break down like what seller finances to these people. They have no idea and then no clue. And so what they're then they have four million people on each one of their platforms. Andre Ject has three and a half million or something. Graham Stefan has a combined six million subscribers and Jeremy has like think like a million or something. And they were blown away. They'd never heard of these things before. And so guys, do you think there's going to be a likelihood that you're going to run into adversity and people going wait, what is this? How do you think I've gotten so good at telling stories? It's because I've ran into a lot of people have no idea what I'm talking about. And instead of me going, all right, here's what hard money is. You go down instead. I now have figured out an elementary way to explain every single thing so that people that have never heard of it before within 30 seconds or maybe a minute by telling an elementary story. You know the F-150 story Naomi that you've heard a thousand times probably. I'm standing at an event with Andre Ject. It's the Grow With a Video Live and I'm behind the green room with like Gary Vee and all these high-level people. And I'm talking to Andre Ject and I tell him the F-150 story. And he goes, whoa, I now understand what seller finances, right? So what does he do? He sends me a text an hour later and he says, would you like to be on our podcast? I'm blown away by this F-150 story. So he couldn't wait. He couldn't wait. They had him introduce me on the podcast because usually it's Graham, but Graham's like, I really don't know who this guy is. So Andre is like, I need, I'm so excited about you being here. I need you to tell these guys what you told me because I'm blown away. And I, what did I do it? Told them an F-150 story and I told them a couple of basic things. This is how you get people to understand things. So what happens is when you run into these situations, which you guys will, I'm going to give you guys a very, very specific expectation. You will run into a lot of adversity along the way. Has anybody made a million dollars in a year that has not ran into adversity? Actually, how about this? Has anybody made $50,000 in a year without adversity? Okay. So you'll run, and I know Naomi knows this. She's been through some shit. She's done, she's done deals. She knows what it takes to get deals done. So it's just another level that you have to navigate yourself around. And you have to figure out how to tell better stories or get people to arrive at the understanding on their own. Okay. Thank you so much. Do you want, you want me to tell you a really good book you should read? Yes. I love your book, recommend it. Okay. Really good one. Don't tell anybody this. I don't, don't tell them these other 600 people this book. Okay. You got to get better at storytelling. Okay. Everybody needs to get better at storytelling. Even I'm, I'm constantly trying to get better at storytelling. Okay. So there's a really good one that's story brand by, by Donald Miller. Really, really good. I love him. Okay. Building us, it's called building a story brand. I just call it story brand, but Donald Miller wrote a book building a story brand. Really, really good. Let's see. There's another one I'm reading right now. Hold on. Let me pull it up. Story worthy. That's a really good one. And then another one called is called stories that stick. I really like stories that stick. I'm reading that right now. Okay. Those are like, I'd say like some of the three best storytelling books. Now here's the thing is like just because you read these books doesn't mean anything. What I immediately do is I immediately take notes like, by the way, can I, I'm going to give you guys a little life hack. You always want a little life hack that will help you guys out. I typically, as I'm learning something, I only take notes on a sticky note or something very small area. And I can't erase or get rid of that sticky note until I've implemented that into my business. So a lot of you guys will just take notes and notes and notes and notes and notes. I take a sticky note and I can't throw it away. I can't get rid of it until I've implemented it into my business. Okay, because we're all dumb where all of us humans are really stupid. And what we do is we write down all these notes and we write down all these notes. And I'm like, man, if I could pay bills with notes, she, that would be dope. But I haven't been able to. Okay, so the notes are the fuel to my action. Right? That's all it is. The notes are the fuel to my actions. I take that little sticky note. And what I do is I take a sticky note and I fold it so the sticky edge like goes to this other edge. So it's like, I don't have any of the sticky stuff. I crease it and I put it in this little section in my wallet right here in the back of my wallet. Been doing this for years. And I slide it right down in there. So every time I pull out my credit card, I'm reminded that I didn't use, I didn't take the sticky note and I didn't implement, implement it into my business. Okay. If you have a big list of notes that you're taking, it's too much. Okay. That's it. Is that a real smile or are you trying to hold back your real smile? No, I'm just wondering, were my sticky notes? Yeah, it's good stuff, right? So far with the Gator, I have 20 pages of written write down notes. Yeah. So like one one sticky note I would write today, guys, is I would write a sticky note of like, how do I make 10 posts and 10 Facebook groups this week? And then how do I gauge the audience? So like really the types of questions I want to answer are like, I have a problem. Somebody's bringing me a deal like, you guys in the chat now that in the Gator chat, you guys don't need to wait for our training, right? In fact, if I just ended the Gator training right now, you guys should be like, hell yeah, pace freaking crush it for us. I'm not going to, but you could absolutely be happy with what I've given you. So you guys should not be waiting all week long for me to post a Gator Zoom. You guys should be going, I got a problem. Who wants to help me solve this? In fact, you guys should be causing chaos and relying on each other to solve that. Naomi, you know that better than anybody inside of our sub two community is that you have people that back you up and helped you get your first couple of deals, right? And the only reason why you don't have a ton of deals is because you don't have a massive amount of problems you're solving. That's it. Yeah. I hate to say it. I hate to simplify people like, man, I did this. I did that. Great. How many problems are you solving for other people? Well, not really that many or if you have to pause for me, we got a lot of problems. Got a lot of problems. You got to create chaos, a lot of chaos, deal with it, be stressed out, wake up early, have anxiety, basically crap your pants from like horrible things happening to you. This is a requirement. It is a requirement. I don't know any of my friends that don't deal with this that are making a ton of money. And then what you do is you hire somebody specific as you scale that business to take some of that things off your plate that enjoys that same level of chaos and you're okay. Now it's your time to take this over and put some systems and processes in it. But what most people do is they want to put systems and processes in place to zero chaos. Okay. I always tell people I'm blessed to be stressed. So anyway, you have nothing. Are you? Oh, you're working in Indiana. I know that you're in California. You're in the Bay Area. Yeah. Well, I recently joined the Midwest accountability group here. And we'll just go. So when you guys are failing when you guys are failing in this bit, Naomi, go to see you, by the way. Thank you. So when you guys are failing in this business or any part of your life, just think go to add my let go to Jim Roan, go to Tony Robbins, go to the less brown, less browns my favorite, like whenever I'm feeling like I need a little bit of love in the morning. I'll throw on some less brown. Okay. But you have to go create chaos. That's that's it. It's like people just don't want to do it. They don't want to do it. And then in two months, I'm making more money and they're not. And they're like, what is the magic secret that pace has? Magic secret is chaos. And look at Nina Schupe. She says six months later, I have made money because she takes chaos or she creates chaos. Chris, how you doing, man? Hey, Vase, how's it going? Really good. How can I help you today, brother? So I've been trying to do exactly that create chaos and get into a transaction. And I ran into a situation that I think I would like to get your kind of take on. Okay, cool. So basically, I have a buyer that's looking for some closing cost help needs 15k. Love it. He wanted to pay me back on the on the flip of the property, which was a couple months down the road. So I wasn't really keen on that. So we talked a little bit more. And he brought up that he has a refi coming up on a couple of his other properties in the next couple weeks. So I thought that that might be an opportunity to get the payback sooner through the refi. Okay. So I was kind of unsure exactly how to proceed squatted up and talk with some folks. You guys are going to run into a lot of these opportunities. I really like this, Chris. So you're going to run into a guy's pay attention to me. You will run into a lot of these opportunities where people are working a transaction and they need like a bridge lender for a couple of months. Okay. So what is Chris set for people that are newer to real estate? What Chris has said is he has a fix in flipper who is in the middle of fixing and flipping a property and he won't be able to sell the property for probably close to three months. So plan on four right add 25% to anything anybody ever ever tells you. And there you go. Angel says that's the most requests I get. I guys I do those two that to me is a gate or loan. I'm not lending out for a year. Sometimes it's 90 days. I'm okay with that. Okay. I'm okay with these types of opportunities as long as my expectations are there. So he wants 15 grand. What is he willing to pay you when he's all done? So this is kind of a funny part of it. So when it goes you aided on seven and a half back. So seven point five on top. 7500. Yes. 7550% return in a three month time frame which means that's a 200% annualized return. That's pretty good. So the funny part is so I squat it up with one of your kind of sub two superstars on this because I figured he'd be able to help me. And he's like no he's like go back and push for 10. So I went back to use the third story approach and he didn't even flinch. He said no problem 10. So we're actually at 10k now return. But I'm trying to figure out the story. Did you just say you used one of my kind of superstars that just made you an extra $2,500 by giving you one line or should we rephrase that and say I used one of your superstars. I absolutely use and he was all so gracious. Love that. How great how great are the sub two students? Sonoma. Unbelievable. Is your last name really calmer? I'm here or not. But how do I marry? Your last name is Calamari. Yes, sir. That's dope. Okay. So 10 grand for a three month return. Here's a couple of things that immediately come to my mind. Okay. And I'm sure you got some questions. Whatever. You're doing first and foremost, you're doing exactly what I've told you to do. Go out and create chaos. You're going to run into these types of opportunities. Right. 10 grand in a three month time frame on a $15,000 outlay guys. Is that a pretty good is that a pretty good return on your money? So we're actually shooting for like two to three weeks with the refi. Okay. Great. So let's here's what I would do. Okay. Calamari. Yep. I would ask for, hey, I'm okay with the 10k. If we can do under 30 days, I get refinanced out. If I don't get refinanced out in the 30 days, you need to have a caveat or something that costs him more money because what you want to do is have a financial incentive for him to actually use that refinance because here's what happens. Remember this. Remember this. Remember this. Remember this. For any of you, this isn't going on YouTube. So I can just be myself. I'm very sorry for anybody that doesn't enjoy pace for who pays is. If you are a woman and you are wanting to get married and you want to have a traditional relationship, is it smart for you to give the farmer all the milk without buying the cow? You've ever heard that phrase? My mom used to tell us to my sister's all the time. Why would, why would your boyfriend buy the cow and he gets the milk for free? Okay. And then I have this really, really bad one. It's Sunday morning. I know, but I have this really bad one. I'm going to tell you it's an interesting phrase that gets me to where I want to go. And I'm very sorry if you guys are offended, close your ears, tell your children not to listen to this. I will not cuss, but it is a very grotesque thing. Okay. So there's a story of a man who in my circle, it speaks on stage and right. And there's a lot of these people that get earned speaking fees. I get people that offer to pay me speaking fees all the time, but I turn them down a lot of them down because they're just like sales machine. All they want to do is sell a product all the time, right? So I'm like, no, no, no, whatever. Well, we all have conversations like, hey, what's the appropriate speaking fee? What's this? What's that? So anyway, one day I'm in a conversation with a guy and he goes, you wouldn't believe what this big time guy, let's just call him big time Johnny. He's 30 years in the business. You guys all know who he is. He asked this guy, who I was talking to, let's call him Peter. Big time Johnny asked Peter, hey, Peter, you've got a really good audience right now. And you're kind of a, your brand is elevating. I want to have you speak on my stage and I'll pay you 20 grand to speak on my stage. So Peter says, of course, I'd love to. And big time Johnny's like, yeah, all right, perfect. And I'll pay you after the whole thing's done, the events done. I'll get you paid, right? All that kind of stuff. So Peter jumps on stage, crushes it literally like best speaker of the whole entire three day event and gets all these compliments and accolades and all that kind of stuff. And when he goes to collect the money from big time Johnny, what happened to what, what do you think happened that 20 grand? All right. He, this is what big time Johnny says. He says the, let me write this down so I say it properly. Okay. The value of the horror is diminished once the act is performed. That's what big time Johnny told Peter. I'm telling you, this is one of the most important parts of what you need to understand Chris. I'm telling you right now, because somebody's going to DM me and go, man, I gave my money to the guy. Now I can't get a hold of him in this. And the other blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm going to say the value of the horror is diminished once the act is performed. Okay. Everybody's on their best behavior before you send your money. Like, everybody's like big time Johnny, like Peter comes, speak on my stage. You're going to crush you. You're going to do this. You're going to do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do all the things. And then the second the money leaves your bank account guys, the personality of the person borrowing money from you will absolutely 100 percent you can rely on this. They will change. Their communication to you will change. Their frequency of how, how often and how readily they reply to you will change. And it's not because they're a bad person. It's that now their focus is all on how do I get that money? How do I get that money? How do I get that money? Now their focus is I need to go use that money and go do the project. It could be the nicest people in the world. But remember your act, right? The act you're performing as the horror in this situation. I'm very sorry. That's what I meant about the grotesque thing. Did anybody get any value from that though? That's a good story. Absolutely. And that's the biggest concern really we have is what is the assurance that if we brought those closing costs, closing costs that at the refi we get paid out at close of escrow of the refi? Okay. So let's go back to the very beginning of the zoom. Usually people that are out there deal being deal makers are horrible paperwork people. So I would reach out to like a Heather Whitsig or Caleb Christopher or somebody else. It's a transaction coordinator and they're going to see Heather says, I got you. And Heather will probably take a portion of your money after you get paid. So you don't have to pay her up front. I don't know her situation. But I would have her make sure that the title company and everybody knows who you are and they structure it properly so that the escrow instructions show that nobody can be paid out. The escrow cannot be closed until Mr. Calamari himself is paid out. Okay. So it's the same. Chris, I'm going to assume you've never loan money on a real estate transaction before. No, no. Okay. It is so absolutely secure airtight that when you have a note indeed of trust and you have escrow instructions, I have never, ever once heard a story of somebody losing their money on a loan, never. And that's exactly my question. So I spoke to the closing attorney and that's exactly what they said is that they would prepare a note and need a trust. They wanted to know if we wanted them and prepare it for us. I just didn't know if it was that level that of security is that we're looking for, but sound like the answer is yes, and to get in touch with a transaction coordinator. There you go. I would make sure that the transaction coordinator, because the transaction coordinator is going to call. They're going to verify. They're going to do all the paperwork. Make sure it's secured. They're going to make sure it's recorded against the property because that's the other thing too is that you're, I don't let the transaction, let's say a loan money, right? We've been talking a lot about earnest money deposits, which are kind of the lower hanging fruit smaller, but you're going to get into a world where some of these guys are like, dude, yeah, I need 15 grand of, you know, bridge this gap. Now, here's the other layer of benefit that you need. Okay. Two additional things need to be written in your contract. Okay. And Heather Wittsig and anybody else that's a transaction coordinator, please pay attention to this. This will help your clients. One, what is the worst case scenario with Chris on this deal? Okay. The worst case scenario is that this fix and flipper ends up losing money and that there is no money left over on this deal for Chris to actually get paid. What you need to do is you need to get Rick says Heather. Heather, Heather Wittsig. Yeah. This is what happens when you're in my world like a Heather Wittsig and you're an action taker and you want to be a transaction coordinator, I'll put you on a pedestal and everybody will use you same wet Wendy's the same thing. Okay. Wendy's trying to be a transaction coordinator. So Wendy put your stuff in there. She also look at everybody's names, by the way. Okay. Everybody's names kind of tell you who they are. At least I hope they do. Nina Shoop, she's an action taker, but that shouldn't be in her name. Nina Shoop should you should be telling people what you do and all that kind of stuff. Look at like Wendy says I'm a TC Heather. You should have the word TC somewhere in your zoom name, just FYI. So everybody knows. Same thing with Nina Shoop, whatever it is about you, Nina, that you're trying to get people to understand about you. Please put that in your zoom name so people can see who you are, where you live, action taker, maybe looking for JV opportunities, whatever it is, change your name to let people know. Because if I'm looking in the chat and the chat is blowing up in here, I don't know what Drew Clayton does. Right. I don't know. I know what Wendy Kessel does. Wendy says TC and Gator. Right. And I see her phone number. That's pretty cool. Now if I want a TC, I know to reach out to Wendy, right. So change it up. Okay. So Chris, you got you got to understand what is the worst case scenario, right? The deal loses money. So how are you going to secure yourself in this person's world if they lose money on this deal? You need to have a personal guarantee that allows you to go and attach yourself to another property. Okay. And that was exactly my question. I didn't know if a basic agreement or or a promise or a no or something else. You need to have a personal guarantee that states if this deal does not close and I don't get my money back, I have the right to attach myself to personal property or other LLCs properties. Gotcha. Okay. And if they're confident in their situation, are they going to balk at that? They're going to make no, of course. No, the guy seems legit, but like you said, everyone is until they get paid out. So, right. Okay. Yeah. And then on the re-fi side, is there any way to work it where the funds would come directly out of escrow from the re-fi or basically, you can do that. Yeah, you can do that. All that simply does. Okay. So your transaction coordinator would do that. Your transaction coordinator would say, hey, I need to add some escrow instructions. My client, Chris has, I want to make a joke about Calamari. So I'm like, has dipped himself into another transaction. Calamari has dipped himself into a different transaction and we're cross collateralizing on this deal. I need to make sure that there is security here. I have the, what's the wholesalers name or the fix and flippers name? Alex. So I have Alex's permission to give you escrow instructions. Here's a sign off if you need to talk to him, please do. But we need to securitize this agreement against this property so that when this is refinanced, the $15,000 plus the $10,000 comes back to Chris before this transaction is closed. Perfect. That was exactly those over my question. Yeah. I just didn't know if the Deed of Trust was absolutely necessary. It sounds like it's, it's the route to go. On the deal you're lending on, absolutely have a note and Deed of trust, not just a Deed of trust, a note and a Deed of trust. Okay. Those are two separate documents and they go hand in hand. The other thing is if you're going to cross collateralize, then you don't necessarily need a note and Deed of trust on the other one because a note and Deed of trust would actually stop him from refinancing. But you need to communicate with the title company and say, hey, title company or the closing attorney, whoever it is. This could be Heather. This could be Wendy. It could be somebody that says, hey, we're cross collateralizing over here. escrow instructions need to tell you that Chris needs to be paid out his $15 plus his $10 on this transaction. If this however you want to word that, right? Part of most, my problem is I'm like, I almost want to just word it for you perfectly, but I think a good transaction coordinator can figure out their job is to fill out the paperwork to accomplish the desired outcome. Right? So the desired outcome here is I've got this fixed in flip on lending money on that I won't get money back for three months. Right? I don't want to wait that long. So I'm going to do, I'm going to say, great, I'll do a note indeed of trust on the three month fixed in flip to protect myself in the event that this refinance doesn't happen. Interest rates are changing. You know, a lot of things could happen. Sure. But what I'll do is I'll cross collateralize myself over here and say, hey, we're actually being paid out from this transaction over on this transaction according to our agreement, right? And if this transaction doesn't close and it goes past the 30 days, this is the second thing that I would do. I said, first thing is make sure you cross collateralize the second thing I would do is I would now have in the agreement that states, if it doesn't get refinanced out in the next 30 days, there now we have additional costs associated with that to give that person incentive to make sure you do get refinanced out. That's good stuff, man. Yeah. I was trying to figure out the exact wording on the re-fi side for the escrow instructions, but I think you're right. Having somebody that's a little bit brighter in Maine can work it to work it better. Like, honestly, part of me is like, I never want to actually teach you guys how to do paperwork because it's like, you're just going to go, you're going to be a crazy human being and go, I would spend so much time on that when I can just try to find out. We'll get another deal. Yeah. Go get another deal. Like, what do you do? You know what I'm saying? Like, you're a smart guy. You're articulate. Look at how handsome you are. You're going to get a lot of deals, dog. Thanks, man. Anybody think he's handsome? I think he's handsome. Look at that gray beard. This is what we call silver fox right here. I got a little sun yesterday too. So I'm red. That's good. Where you live? Maryland. Maryland has sun? Yeah. You go down the ocean, the city down the beach. Oh, so you just got to get out of... You just got to drive three hours to get it. Oh, I see. Okay. So when says you're not his type, but you're not my type, but I can admit when some dude's super handsome. So what I... Here's what I would do, Chris. I'm going to give you some homework. I would call Heather Witzig. I would also call Wendy. Okay. And I would vibe them out. I love both of them. They're both action takers. They're both amazing and sweet. And they... You need to vibe with their personalities, right? Because to me, when I have a transaction coordinator, I'm looking for a mother. For me, I'm just telling you my style. I know some people think I'm a baby. I like to be coddled and I like to be nurtured and I like having somebody that takes care of my transactions for me. So anybody else in here trying to be a transaction coordinator through our transaction coordination trainings? Okay. So there's a lot of people in here. You guys need to change your name to transaction coordinator once you feel confident that you can do this stuff. And also, here's what I would do. Heather Witzig, I would even maybe do a little consulting fee for anybody. It's a non-subtu student that is trying to become a transaction coordinator. I'm not teaching transaction coordination outside of our group, but I would maybe do a little bit of consulting for people in this group that are trying to become TC's and go, hey, if you want to become a TC and you have questions about a deal, pay me as a part of that deal and I'll kind of walk you through the process. That's not a bad little business strategy for you. Okay. Multiple streams of income. Guys, the problem is you stick around me. You're going to have you're going to have so many different ways to make money. You just can't stop. Okay. Okay. Good question, Chris. Thanks, pace. Thanks for that. By the way, did this answer a question that's going to come up a thousand times? Do you guys know why my sub two communities, the greatest community on planet earth is because they take this answer and the next time somebody else runs into the situation, they go, oh, yeah, pace answered this question one time on zoom number six. And boom, there you go. I don't have to work my guts out to answer the same question a thousand times. Even if there's little teeny iterations, I'm actually answering about a thousand questions. They're going to come up over the next 365 days. Okay. And you guys just don't see that because you think this is an isolated transaction only associated Chris, even though this will come up a lot. There's a couple of things you should have learned here. Okay. First thing you should have learned here is that there's a lot of money on the back end of these types of deals where somebody already owns the property and they just need 15 grain to finish the property. And there's 10 grand sitting here, bro, you're going to get $10,000 in 30 days. Okay. So you don't need to be the person that's just doing the earnest money, right? We got other ways we can make money here. This is like limitless ability to make money. Number two, make sure you use a transaction coordinator. Don't be a knucklehead. Don't be don't think you're going to be a crazy person and go out there and do this yourself. Okay. Pace, can you gator your own deal? Yeah. Why would I do that? Similarly, how you pay yourself as a wholesaler with a assignment? Oh, yeah. I am doing that on my in my creative funding business. Yeah. If I told you a couple of stories, you're like, Oh, those are that's genius. Yeah. I am doing that. Yeah. Okay. So the second thing, user transaction coordinator and number three, make sure you're cross collateralizing. Number four, this is a good one that Chris dropped a bomb on you guys. Don't leave money on the table. All Chris had to do is like, yeah, I would do it for time. And I showed you guys this two zooms ago where I showed you guys the guy that I go, yeah, not really worth my time. But if you did it for this price, actually, I didn't tell him the price. I just go, it's not enough. Thanks, though. And I pulled back and he came back and he paid me more. So just by doing that thing, Chris made an extra $2500. Now he can afford all the calamari, all of it. Okay. And then the fifth thing, okay. The fifth thing is give your borrower and incentive to pay you because for example, the story I told you, the value of the horse diminished once the act is performed, right? Make sure that the cost of doing business with you is actually greater. The longer it takes to pay you back and give them an incentive to pay you faster. Make sense? Absolutely. When no, the speaker never got paid and no, it wasn't me. I don't really charge. I have somebody offering me 20 grand to go speak right now and I turn them down because I don't vibe with what they're doing. Not that they're a bad person. It's just not where I want to go and spend my time. That's it. So Chris, that was a really great question. We learned a lot there. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you so much, Pace. Yes. Guys, this is what happens when you have real deals to work on. Okay. Javier says, Hey, Pace, I got a question. So I thought that title companies only accept actual secured funds from a checking account, saving account when it comes to EMD and will not accept a business credit card. Okay, brother, you need to be using a company called Plastique.com. I've used I've told you guys this in like zoom number one, Plastique PLASTIC.com Plastique.com to pull off money off of your credit cards. I'm answering that once and for all done. Plastique.com. You have a credit card and you want to fund somebody's earners money. Plastique.com will send you a check for the cash. It's like a cash advance Plastique.com PLASTIC.com. It might not be Plastique.com. It might be Plastique.io or something. But let's pull it up so we can answer this question once and for all Plastique reviews. By the way, there's also multiple other companies that do it, but Plastique's the company I views. So let's Google is she has. So check it out. Miliopayments looks like there's another company does the same thing nerd wallet. How does Plastique and what does Plastique and how does it work? Plastique right here got a guide to Plastique. There you go. Plastique.com. It is Plastique.com. Let's go to their homepage. Does that help everybody? That's how you get that's when you guys are getting a line a credit card by the way. And you're like, well, that's not a line of credit yet is go to Plastique.com. It turns into it basically turns it into cash. Does that help? I've already answered this, but now I guess people are a little bit further along that they need to hear it again. Yeah, Brian says I use Plastique to pay off my student loans with a credit card so I could get the points. Boom, there you go. Somebody just bought a car the other day with Plastique.com. They swiped their, yeah, they use their AMX to buy a $150,000 car. They got like a $5,000 reward, cash reward, and then they did something else. I can't remember where they did. David Thompson says I've also used MiliO payment. I can verify it works. There you go. So guys, do we know how to if PCS is helping you get credit cards? Is that as good as cash if you use MiliO or Plastique? Does that help solve that problem? So when like for me, when I say line of credit or access to capital, I don't care if it's a credit card. I can do either or. Okay. Sergio says, pace, what would be the incentive for the bar where to pay back sooner? So we talked about this, Sergio, you'll have to go back and review it. I'm really good at answering questions. I'm never really ambiguous. I'm not an ambiguous person at all. If you don't know what ambiguous means, it means not specific. I very, very much answered that question already. Okay. The extra answer was if he doesn't pay you by the 30 days, then charge him more money. Right? Does anybody remember me saying that? Okay. There you go. It's hard being an educator because you have to say the same things like 17 different times and somebody might sneeze or they literally, there's been times where people sneeze, right? When I say the one thing that they need to hear, and I'm not, I sometimes I'm joking, but sometimes it's very specific. Josh Mason and his amazing wife. Hey, brother. What's up? Good morning. Good morning, you too. Thanks for so happy to be here and have the opportunity to chat with you, man. This is awesome. Have you guys learned anything today? Oh, brother, man, it's been amazing. Yeah, we've just been like drinking from a firehouse. It's been that's the process. That's right. Every day, me too. I'm like people, people go, I'm overwhelmed. Like perfect. You're on the right track. Yeah. No, we've been loving it, man. We've were new. We just started in February. So we're just super excited and we feel blessed to be able to have the opportunity to jump in on this gator landing opportunity. It's just been life changing and as well as everything you've done for us, man, it's been great. So you've got an amazing gut feeling on what's a good deal and what isn't a good deal? So to somebody who's trying to develop their gut feeling and identify where the line is between a good deal and not a good deal, what would you say is a good annualized presented to you? That's a great question. So a couple of things, Ruth, and everybody else, please don't ever send me private messages. Ruth just accidentally did, I think. But yes, Ruth, here, Ruth, let me ask you a question. What do you think in sub two, I don't do. That's probably a better question. What do I not teach in sub two? We teach two hours every Saturday, very specific transaction coordination training. It is very cool. Josh, what's your wife's name? Ashley. I love it. So Ashley, are you learning to be a transaction coordinator? Yeah, that's my avatar actually. Love that. That's very cool. How cool is it that you think you joined a creative finance mentorship and you actually learn it's a full lifestyle, multiple different business strategy mentorship? It's so awesome because I I felt like I didn't really have a place until you did that avatar training and I was like, oh my gosh, I can do something. Yes, I can tell you, my wife is more important to the business than myself. If I were speaking right to her, it was just like, this is for her. So it was great. Well, it is because for years, I got people that would say, how do I get my wife involved? Because you guys don't have the problems that a lot of married couples have. A lot of married couples like Ashley, kudos to you. A lot of women have an insecurity with letting their husband go and improve themselves and bring more money to the table and sacrifice time away from the family and the kids and all that kind of stuff. And instead of doing that and being insecure, a woman should step up and go, how do I get involved? How do I provide support so that my husband's not sacrificing time away from me. In fact, we're doing something active together. Laura, you and Laura have been such an inspiration for us where we're like, we can have both. We can have an amazing family and an amazing business. Yeah. Yeah. You guys are a great and amazing example for us for sure. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. So we for years and years, I was just thinking like, how can I teach? How can I show a woman how to do this? And for a long time, my answer was, you know, become an agent, bird dog deals for your husband, become a transaction coordinator, become the agent and list the properties, you know, that kind of stuff. Learn how to do the admin and the bookkeeping, you know, all those types of things. But I would talk about it and they never taught it. And then it was about a year and a half ago, I thought, I'm going to teach it. I'm actually going to teach it. And I brought somebody on board to help me. I taught them everything we knew. And then they went out and just did their own transaction coordination business and basically took everything I taught them and they're gone. So now I'm like, you know, I'll just do it like 15 or 20 people as like the TC mastermind is what we're calling it. So like Heather Wittsig and love Francis, Caleb Christopher, et cetera. And then even if one or two of those people break off and just go do their own thing, we still have a core group of people that will educate for the next 50 weeks in a row about a specific topic about transaction coordination. So there's literally no better place on earth to learn transaction coordination is from us. So I'm excited for you actually. Thanks. Yesterday was fire like Caleb did amazing. So thank you so much for that. I really love it. My goal with sub two gives me chills to think about. My goal has already been surpassed is that a year before I became a mentor, my goal was like, I don't want to be a mentor unless I can create a community that surpasses me. And we have so many leaders, you know, based on obviously my leadership and how much time and energy I pour into the community and how I protect that community and all the support that's in there. But based on that, you're going to cultivate leaders that didn't even know they were leaders and those leaders will actually carry the group forward. And you can see it all over. We literally probably have a good, I'd say 700 to 900 leaders in our community that are like, they provide on a daily basis more help than I do at this point. And so we've accomplished that. That's why we call it the greatest community on planet earth. And you guys see it all the time. It is. Yeah. Yeah. The best or so blessed. You're brother. It's awesome. Absolutely. And here's the thing too, Ashley is that in a year from now, what's cool about this is it, let's say you never make any money. Okay. You never make any money for the next 12 months, just hypothetically. Okay. In 12 months from now, you'll still have access to the group, but you'll have stacked your skill sets so many times that you can be in a position where you're not on these zooms, consuming content. You're now running your own zooms and helping other people because you've become so powerful in your education. And if, if nothing else, you're going to make money. Like that's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying if you didn't make money and that was the only outcome that itself is priceless. And now for the rest of your life, you have that skill set to go, I can do a zoom with other women. And I can empower other women to do the same thing in my in their lives. Like think about what this next 12 12 months holds for you as an individual. Dude, you're totally speaking my language skill acquisition is not jam. Yeah. She's so good with the documents and setting up spreadsheets and everything. It's like next level. So it's just right up for Ali amazing. And the cool thing too is like, Asha, have you become friends with like Heather Witzig and Wendy and some of the other ladies? I was I already have their info. I was going to reach out after this is over and be like, can I jump in with you to learn? You don't have to ask them is just say, Hey, I, you know, I saw your your leader. How can I hang out with you? Right? So I'll sweep your floors. Yeah. Exactly. Whatever we got to do. It is a it's amazing like what we've created. So I'm very proud of you guys. It's nice even seeing you guys as energy. Ashley, I'm very proud of you because you understand that in order for the family to create a legacy, the queen of the castle has to like completely approve of anything. You could either destroy the castle or you actually turned into a castle. And I see it all the time. I see the opposite happen. And it's like the man who's like wired. I just want to go kill the deer and bring the deer deer back to the cave. They're wired to just want to go kill, kill, kill, kill, kill and forget about everything else. And what happens is a lot of married couples, the woman will just criticize and criticize and criticize and criticize to the point where like three years later, it's a self fulfilling prophecy where the woman's like, you're never going to be shit. You're not going to do this. You're this and he was like, yeah, well, that this is what happened. So really proud of you guys. So you guys have a you guys have a deal you want to talk about or do you want to know my gauge for a deal? Just your gauge, man, we're just trying to understand kind of that threshold between a bad deal and a good deal just because we haven't quite gotten that got feel yet. Okay, cool. So in the very beginning, I will do a deal for no profitability to get through a deal. Oh, wow. That's great. I mean, wouldn't you? Yeah, it's of all about that experience for sure. Right skill acquisition, right? Going through the process is the most valuable deal you'll ever do. Yeah, I think we're just worried like because you told us so much to not undercut each other, you know, we don't want to create that for this community. Well, I'm talking about from a marketing standpoint, right? Like going out and go, I'll do your deal for free. And so this is where things get really challenging is that I'm giving you advice of like, I would be okay doing a deal for nearly free just to go through a deal. But I would never market myself that way, right? I mean, um, and so in the very beginning when you guys are trying to gauge like whether this is something we should spend our time and energy on, like you look at Kalamari, dipped himself into a deal where he's going to make you like that. Kalamari is never going to outlive that by the way. Get dipped, get dipped Kalamari. He's got to work that. That's your brand man. Get dipped. Can I dip into your transaction with some game lending? So the advice I'm giving him is like, okay, well, don't leave money on the table and that that that that that that right. So this is where this is where so many people going into any new business really shut down with analysis paralysis because they go on one hand pace is saying this, but now pace is also saying he would do it for free. Well, these are two different questions, right? Chris has a deal that somebody's already offering 7500. So why not try and push for another $10,000 and see what happens, right? You never know. Sure. That's a different. It seems like a similar question. They're not even remotely close. Yours is, hey, if I'm just starting out, what is a gauge to say whether you would deal with do the deal or not? Gage number one, is it safe, secure, and will I lose my money? Worse case scenario? If the answer is no, then go into question number two. Am I going to at least break even? Then I would say yes, I would still do the deal because what you're trying to do is what Ashley said, which is skill acquisition. Right? What would you rather what would you rather do? Turn down a hundred deals at $10,000 or do one at zero dollars, but you actually complete the deal. Totally. Yeah, complete the deal. Yeah, I get the deal done. Yeah, get that. The deal done. Go through the paper or go through the process. It's like having a baby getting married. All these things that are like, I've never done this before. I'm super happy. If you guys had to get married a second time, it'd be a breeze, but when you guys got married the first time, you're like, holy crap, it takes six months, my planning, my this, my back. Yeah, dude, it's the baby now. He's right on the money because when you bring that baby home for the first time, you're just like, I don't know what to do with this thing. You know, living creatures now ours and we got responsible for it. But yeah, so somebody said to me that your job as a parent is just to make sure the child doesn't die the first year. Exactly. You just kind of keep this baby from dying, falling off something, rolling over, you know, all the things. Yeah. Yeah. Then those next couple babies, they're not as big of a deal. It's a lot easier. So I would so that's my first gauge. My first gauge is, is it safe, secure? Do I feel like I won't lose my money? Okay. Number two is as long as I break even, I'm going to do that deal because I'm brand new. Now, if I'm pace, do you think pace should be doing a deal that doesn't make him any money? Shouldn't be, but I'm surprised that you're such a good give-around. I would do it for the story. Right. I would do it for the story to show other people how, hey, this is how this work. This was the challenge with the person and this is that I would do it to tell a story. But from a business perspective, I definitely would not do it. Right. My team, I'll tell you how I set up my business. Okay. Just for you guys want to know how I set this up. It's very specific and great. Yeah. I made, I made, I think I made my transaction coordinator and, and Molly, like buckle almost in tears. So what I'm doing is I am busy. Okay. What I've learned is that I don't want to be around in any one of my businesses. So what I do at this point in my business, this is not, this has not always been my business strategy, but it's my current business strategy now. Is I have a business here, a business here, a business here, a business here, a business here, all the way through, right? And some of these businesses, I'll tell you what some of them are, like I own a company called Start Virtual with Cody, right? A lot of you guys know that start virtual.com. It's where I have virtual assistants with a $15 million a year business. It's awesome. Great. My involvement in this business is about one percent of my year gets spent here and I make really good money. I'll have a buy out here at some point for $250 million. I'll walk away with $50 million at some point in my life. Okay. My involvement here is primarily promoting that business. Okay, but I can do that while I'm simultaneously promoting a lot of these other businesses. Okay. So what's another business? I have a wholesale business. I have a fixed-in-flip business. I have an Airbnb business. I have a mobile home, but on park business. I have apartment business, right? I have all these different businesses. You and most people would group these together, but they're all different strategies. The deals come from different places. They have to be managed differently. The money gets handled and all that kind of stuff differently. I own a lending business. Okay. I own software businesses. Right? I also have a brand that brings in money. Right? I have all these things. I have a TV series that pays me. So I have all of these things and, oh, I also own a title company, right? And we're going to go turn this into a $50 million business. I own a hard money lending business that we're starting right now. Oh, that's good. So I have these things. And inside of my spoke with Alison and Molly is I go, I want to be involved in this business one person. So how do I do that? How do I do that? Well, I turn my people into massive profit share, massive profit share. So our goal right now with our team, we have a three, or two person team. I have Molly and I have Alison. So my goal in this business is number one, I want $50,000 per month in transactional lending income. Okay. Is that limited? If I do $200,000, would I be upset? No, I'll be happy. I'm just saying this is kind of our bare minimum threshold for transactional lending income. Like what Scott just talked about, that's, you know, transactional lending to a certain degree. Yeah, is it taking a couple of months? Yes. Is it taking 30 days? Yes. But I want $50,000. The second thing I want is I want equity positions in deals. Okay. So last month, we put ourselves into about half a million. No, it was about 800 grand. Put ourselves into about $800,000 of equity positions. Equity is kind of a misnomer because there's actually not much equity on those deals. It's just we went out and bought ourselves in the midst of buying about $2.4 million in real estate through sponsoring other people's loans. Okay. So my 30% of that is $800,000. So what I'm doing is I'm giving my team a massive portion of this $800,000 for their portfolio. So instead of them going, well, how do I do my own deals and how do I gain my portfolio and how do I do this? What are they really doing? Is there now going to build this business with me for me alongside me and we're going to have a long 50-year relationship in this business and they never have to worry about where deals come from. That's awesome. Love it, brother. Okay. So then we have another goal of we sponsor a lot of fixing-foot businesses too. So we have people come in and they it's different, right? So I will I will do transactional lending, which is kind of the primary goal of what most of you guys are worried about right now. Like I want my money in and then I want it back out, which is cool. You will get to a point where you can sponsor people stuff in their long-term buy-in holds. Like I've got some subject to in seller finance situations. I've got some five plexes. I've got some right now I'm sponsoring a 24 unit in Fresno, California where somebody else brought the deal to me. I'm sponsoring it and I'm taking 75% ownership of that 24 unit apartment complex. That's pretty cool, right? That was done the last night, wasn't it? Yeah, that was the one where our mom was basically in his underwear. I know. Yeah, so that was awesome. I saw that. That was awesome. Okay, so then the other one is that there's people that need fixing-foot loans. And so these are me putting myself in situation. I've got one in Colorado that will make, I don't know, I'm a 50% owner of that because I sponsored the loan and I put a little bit of money into it and I somebody else brought the deal, negotiated the deal, their boots on the ground, they're dealing with the contractors, etc. That 50 that Colorado deal will probably make me another 50 to 60 thousand dollars, right? So my girls will not just get their salary but they'll be in a profit share on all of my deals. So now guess what happens is my girls will look at this money as if it's my money or as if it's their money. Right, so what's going to happen is at some point, you guys, you know, let's say in a year from now, Ashley, you guys end up hiring somebody to help you do this stuff. If you give them a salary at plus profit share, they're going to treat your money as if it's there. So the gauge you're talking about, okay, the gauge that you're talking about, you're instilling that gauge inside of them as well because this is no longer about a job. This is their money as much as it's your money, right? Because they're getting their salary plus profit share. So for me, I'm probably in the next 90 days as we work through some of the things that we're working through. My girls, Alison and Molly, will be the biggest gauge of where we put the money because I told them I'm only going to leave this sounds daunting and I'm so sorry for people that might seem out of reach for right now, but I'm putting a million dollars in cash in this business over the course of the next year and I go, I'm capping the million dollars. Why is the million dollars in the account? Am I actually using the million dollars as transactional lending? No, I'm using it as liquidity. So when I go sponsor a big multi-family loan, like let's say I've got that one with our mom, that's a four million dollar purchase. The lender that I'm sponsoring the loan with is going to want to see four hundred thousand dollars of liquid cash sitting in an account seasoned in order for me to give me that loan. So a lot of my cash has to sit there. And so what I'm trying to do with my girls is just keep using my lines of credit right now for our funding. Leave that for the transactional stuff, the lines of credit. But as we stack cash and we bring more and more money, I told them that that business, I won't I won't pull any money out for myself until we hit a million dollars in liquid cash so that we can go out and start gobbling up equity in other people's loans and sponsoring their stuff. That makes sense. It's strategic, man. It's awesome. Very strategic. So right now the answer is it's okay for you to do deals. Hey guys, do you guys, I have another zoom I'm doing in two minutes. If you guys want to go into that zoom, you're more than welcome. It is a zoom about corporate structure. So if any of you guys have a question about corporate structure, you guys can come into the zoom with me. There's the zoom. Okay, it's a I've got a group of people that learn from a girl that used to work for me. Her name is Myra. The link is in the side chat. I've literally texted at 85 times it's in there. So I'm going to go in there and teach it talk about LLCs and corporate structure and how to save money on taxes and all that kind of stuff. And I'm going to give them an hour, maybe an hour and a half. These are people I've never met before. Okay, and you guys are more than welcome to come in. These are other business owners that are trying to establish their business. And one of these girls, her name is Myra, worked for my construction business for two years. When it started her own business, and I told her I'd give her any time she needed help, I would help her. And so today I'm giving her like an hour and a half of my time. Okay, Ashley and Josh, you guys have anything else? I have one more minute. No, thank you so much. Awesome. We love you brother. Thank you so much. Appreciate you guys a lot. And I love seeing you guys taking action. I love seeing you guys take action together. Ashley. Yes. I want to see you as a leader spending time with Heather and Wendy and those girls. I'm in there man. I'm so there. Slider up. Perfect. And what I would do is encourage another 10 or 15 other women like, hey, get in here with us. Like this is a, are you guys LDS? We are. Yes, sir. I can tell you LDS. We love your jokes. So keep going. They're great. I'm LDS too. I just, I just on Sunday, I just don't go to church. That's the only thing. But yeah, so, but I can tell you're LDS. So it's kind of like relief society for women. It's like, it's so relief society was so fun for my sisters. And it was like my mom's favorite thing because she was like, it's the one place I felt like I could really hang out, be myself, and all that kind of stuff. I think that you just got to encourage people to come in there and treat that as its own little tribe inside of our tribe. Yeah. You will impact thousands of people's marriages because of your example. Awesome. So ready. That's going from pace. Yes. Very cool. All right, guys, I'm going to jump on to this other Zoom. Thank you guys so much. I'll see you hopefully next week. We can do another gator Zoom. And I'll probably bring my attorney in for the next one to go through the actual paperwork. But again, if you need the paperwork done, get on the phone with one of the transaction coordinators. That's going to help you way more than a Zoom with me ever will. Thank you guys. See you.