 The email that I, the, the, the, the Zoom training that I just did the other day, I did a Zoom training the other day with Sean Sankler. I then had him draft a new wholesale contract that will allow you as a wholesaler or somebody going out and getting deals to have protection because I'm going to train the gators to lend money to you only if you're using this contract. Listen to this. So this is why it's good for the people that are taking action because the people who are taking action, here's what's great about this. I am not just giving these people the wholesale contract. I'm also giving the action takers not today, but I'm going to do another Zoom sometime this week with only the action takers where I will give you the protection paperwork and the lending documents to only the action takers. What we're doing is gator lending is a strategy to lend money to people and make a ton of money. So for example, just last week, let me give you a, guys a brief overview of what gator lending is. There's five things I'm going to be teaching over the next six months in the gator tribe. Okay, five things right now we're just going to have a conversation about the first thing. I get people wholesalers that come to me and they go, pace, I need money for my earnest money. And I go, no problem. Well, let me, let me back up. I'll give you guys a little bit of back history to this for anybody did not watch the Zoom with Sean St. Claire where gator lending originally started was nearly 10 maybe a little bit longer than that years ago when I was just a contractor. I had, I was a general contractor and I would hire painters and drywall guys and concrete guys and I would have them do work and whatever else. I had a painter named Ruben Dominguez. Ruben Dominguez would come to me and he'd say, hey, pace, one of my other clients wrote me a check for $6,000 to cover my payroll, but their check won't clear until following Monday. I need to borrow $6,000 until Monday so I can pay my guys today on Friday. Okay. So Ruben Dominguez comes to me and he goes, hey, pace, I need $6,000 and I need to cover my payroll on Friday. I go, okay, well, how much would you pay me an interest? He goes, well, if I can hold that $6,000 until Monday, I'll pay you $3,000 return. So essentially paying me nine grand, $6,000 to cover my loan and $3,000 return guys. That's a 50% return in literally a weekend. That's $3,000 and I'm like, damn, all right. So that's gator lending, okay. That's gator lending, helping, bringing a resource to people, not charging interest, but taking a chunk, right? Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, gator lending, taking a chunk. So I did this for probably a good year with Ruben and then Ruben got on his feet and I would make sometimes three grand in a weekend, five grand in a weekend. I'm like, dude, this is amazing. In fact, I paid for my wedding. I paid for my wedding with part of this. Okay. So anyway, I obviously I wasn't a real estate investor 11, 12 years ago. So I was just doing gator lending without ever it being called gator lending. I just made that name up 90 days ago. Okay. I made that up 90 days ago, but I'd been doing it for 11 years. Then when I got into real estate, I started getting wholesalers coming to me and saying, pace, I don't have earnest money for a transaction. Does anybody not know what earnest money is? Ernest money is when you get into a contract with a seller, right? You and the seller get into a contract. The contract is going to show. In fact, I could pull it up today right now. I could pull it up on the document I'm going to give you guys. When you get into a contract with a with a seller, the seller is going to ask you guys to put $100 down to show that your series about their transactions, sometimes a thousand, sometimes 5,000 and sometimes 10,000 dollars to show that your series. So what happens is you take that contract, right? One of these contracts and you go to a title company, you go, hey, title company, I'm starting this transaction with a homeowner. I now am in escrow. I've started the transaction. Well, on that contract, it's going to show how much you have is earnest money. So I started getting wholesalers coming to me and saying, hey, I don't have a thousand dollars to open up escrow and the seller is wondering where my thousand dollars is and I don't have that thousand dollars. So I started loaning a thousand dollars to wholesalers and they would then pay me. They would pay me 3,000, 5,000 depending on the transaction. And I'm like, man, I literally loaned a thousand dollars on a transaction. I real estate deal. I didn't find the deal. I didn't find the buyer. All I did was fund the thousand dollar earnest money and I got $3,000 in return. Literally tripling my money in like a five day period. So that's iter landing. It's part, it's one of the five things I'm going to teach on gator landing, one of the five things. Then you get people that also come to you in the go pace. And by the way, for anybody, it doesn't understand this about wholesale wholesale in the next five, maybe seven years. Wholesale will be outlawed nationwide. Arizona just passed a law that stated, you have to let your seller know. Okay, you have to let your seller know that you are wholesaling their property. So what's that going to do to wholesalers? It's going to force them to purchase the property and then double close or sell that property like 12 hours later. So last week, I had somebody in the gator community come to me and go, pay us, I need 24 grand. I go, why do you need 24 grand? And they said, well, because I have it, I have five lots that I have under contract with the seller. I don't want the seller to know how much money I'm making. And I have a buyer that's going to buy four lots from me. Okay, so the seller is selling me five lots at 24 grand. I need to close ask her on that deal, own those five lots for an hour. And then I can turn around and then sell those, sell four of those lots, keeping one to myself for 50 grand. And so that's what he went and did. So he made 26,000 dollars plus kept a piece of land in the process. He got a free piece of land in 26,000 dollars, wholesaling. He didn't wholesale. He actually double closed. He used my 24 grand to close his transaction with the seller and then turn around and sold that again to somebody else at 50 grand. Okay. So I go, great, how much can I make for my 24,000 dollars? And guys, where did I get my 24,000 dollars? Where did I get my 24,000 dollars from my line of credit from prime corporate services? So what I'm trying to do with this community is show you how I did this by building a business line of credit over the next six months together. So I didn't use, so there's people in here that go, I don't have 24,000 dollars because that's your mindset. Your mindset is I can only do what I have with my existing resources. Guys, there are a lot of people out there making a lot of money with other people's money. Stop with the limited mindset. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit to go out and do loans like this. So how much money did I make? By the way, this just happened. Okay. This just happened. I didn't make five grand. I made four grand, but I made the four grand literally. I wired the money in the morning and I got the money back that same exact day and I made $4,000 in less than 12 hours on a line of credit. So what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to teach you guys number one, I'm trying to give you guys the paperwork. I'm first and foremost, I'm trying to give you guys the business strategy that exists. And I've just showed you two of the five today. Just showed you them. I haven't told you where to find the, I haven't given you the paperwork. I haven't given you where to find these opportunities. I haven't shown you how to fill out the paperwork. I haven't filled the showed you how to do the conversations. Any of that stuff. None of it. So the people who have taken action on prime corporate services, by the way, if you guys are trying to get into the gator, I am only going to train people. It's like I like I said earlier on a Facebook live. If I go to a mechanic and I say, Hey, will you teach me how to fix a car and the mechanic says, yeah, it pays. What car do you have? And I go, I don't have a car. What are what? So here I am trying to teach you guys how to build a lending business, but you guys don't have a line of credit. You guys are trying to use your own cash guys. I'm not trying to teach you how to use your own cash. That's not what I'm trying to teach. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit so that you guys can get to a point where you have what I have access to over a million dollars. I can fund deals in two minutes because I have lines of credit that prime corporate services has helped me build. So here's what I'm doing for the action takers. What I'm going to be doing is for the next six months, I'll be doing one to two zooms a month where I will be teaching not just the paperwork. I will be teaching you guys the strategies where to find these people, how to talk to them, how to do all the things. And I'm not charging you for it. I'm gaining 50% equity on a deal. This coming week, somebody else found the deal. They're going to turn into an Airbnb and they're like, I need I need $22,000. It's a seller financial. It's one of my students. They need $22,000 to turn this into an Airbnb. It's a 0% seller finance deal. And they're like, I need 22 grand to make this deal work. Can you be my lender? I go, I'll be your partner. You give me 50% equity and I'll be your lender. I took 50% ownership of a deal. 50% ownership of a deal because somebody need the capital. And where am I going to pull the $22,000 from? I'm pulling my $22,000 from a line of credit. It's not my money. This is the purchase contract. I want to walk through with you guys today. This is the one I'm giving to you guys. All right, perfect. New. This is fresh boy. This is, in my opinion, the greatest wholesale contract that has ever been created. Any wholesale contract, I will never, by the way, I will never give the free group. I will never give my YouTube channel. I will never, ever, ever, ever give away my creative finance documents. That is for sub two students only. This document is literally the greatest wholesale contract there is. I have other people, other influencers that are giving away contracts out on YouTube. And you know, you guys have all been part of that. Like, hey, for free download my free contract, they all wish they had this contract. And I want the world to have this contract. Okay, the reason why I want this world, the world have this contract is pay attention. Why am I giving away this contract? I'm giving this contract away because when a gator wants to lend money to you, I want to make sure that you are using this contract. And if you are a gator, I want you to make sure your wholesaler is using this contract as well. Are we all on the same page? This contract will protect you. And there's a couple of ways it will protect you as the wholesaler and as the lender. Okay. First way it's going to protect you is that did you guys know that in the state of Arizona, if I open up a real estate transaction, right? So I get a contract with a seller and it says, I'm going to buy their house for $100,000 and I'm putting a $1,000 earnus money down. And I start that transaction. The title company starts working on the paperwork. I got 10 days of an inspection period. In the state of Arizona, if I cancel at any time during my 10 day inspection period, anytime during my 10 day inspection period, do I get my earnest money back? The answer is yes. In state of Arizona, I get my earnest money back. Do I need the seller's permission for the title company to release my $1000 back to me? I do not. In the state of Florida, if I go do the same exact transaction, okay. In the state of California, I'm sorry, Florida, Utah, Texas, a couple of others as well, the seller has to give me permission to get my earnest money back. Or they have to sign off. It's called mutual release. Both parties, seller and the buyer have to release that earnest money back to me. Does that make sense, everybody? Do we understand that? So if I'm a gator lender, and I'm going to lend $1000 to a wholesaler for their earnest money, which happens all the time, 85 plus percent of wholesalers don't have any money to put in earnest money, especially if they've three, four or five contracts going on at the same time. Sean Han says same thing with Alabama. Okay. So what do I do? I go and pay my attorney to redraft a document that gets rid of that issue. This contract gets rid of that issue where your contract, it doesn't matter what the state law is. Your seller is going to sign off on not requiring a mutual release. Does everybody understand how freaking cool that is? It is worth so much effing money for you to have this document. Okay. So really basic, right? Here's the property address, boom, boom, boom, the APN, that's super easy, legal description, blah, blah, blah, earnest money or the deposits. Sorry, guys, I'm in word. So here's the earnest money. This is how much your wholesaler, if you are a lender, your wholesaler is going to be needing to borrow this much money because they don't have it. Here's the purchase price, close of escrow date. Really basic. You can see, okay, you can see that in this contract, this first page is very basic. It's very basic. Just, you know, what am I buying it for? What's the address? How much is the earnest money? Who's the title company? They're the escrow agent that we're utilizing. Okay, pretty basic stuff. Okay, then it talks about how long is my inspection period? So this is important for you as a lender, right? A gator lender, you want to know exactly how many days you have, okay? Then escrow fees, okay, this is interesting. Usually the buyer pays all the closing fees, but we always leave this real long thing in here for a negotiating strategy. I'll teach you guys about that another day. And then here's the additional terms and conditions, purchase and sell price for the purchase price and a court incident with the data. Great. Status of title. As soon as the practical following an effective date, that's not important. Okay, here we go. Well, number five, instruction to release the deposit upon cancellation during the inspection period. This gets rid of your state's requirement of a seller's mutual release. This one sent this one paragraph. Okay, seller hereby irrevocably instructs escrow agent to return the deposit to buyer or to any person or entity that would be you as a lender designated by buyer to receive the deposit if the buyer elects to cancel this contract during the inspection period. If buyer elects to cancel period and no further written instructions are required for escrow agent to release the deposit to the buyer or any person or entity designated by the buyer to receive the deposit. Sell or hear by waves any rights under state or any other law to object the release of deposit if this contract is canceled by the buyer during the inspection period and waves any right to provide any additional written consent to release of the deposit if this contract is canceled by the buyer. Guys, written by my attorney, this one paragraph is worth thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars with or without your need to have a gator lender. Okay, now these are all other stupid things who cares about them. Okay, all these things don't matter. This one. Okay, there it is. Right here, Memorandum of Contract. Here's the other thing that's very, very, very important. This Memorandum of Contract is incredibly important as well. Most wholesale contracts in the nation do not have this. It is important that you're the person that you are lending. If you are a gator, it is important for your borrower to utilize. Do you guys see why? So anybody that's is a gator, you've already taken action. Do you see why I want to give this contract away? Do you guys see why I want to give this to even people who are not in the gator community and the sub two community? I want to make sure. I want to make sure that everybody has this contract so that if you are going to lend or you are going to borrow, you are both protected. This alone costs me $3,200 in sitting down with my attorney going through revising, revising, revising, to make sure that this is as good as it is it's going to currently get. Now, here's what's cool. Now, my sub two students already know this about me is that every time I revise my documents and it costs me $7,000 or $10,000, whatever it costs, I always provide those new updated documents a year later, two years later, three years later, five years later, whatever. So this contract will protect all the gators if the wholesalers are using it. Now, if you're a wholesaler out there, do you think this is a smart contract for you to utilize? Darren Talcott, always with the technical questions. Let's get to Darren. He's super smart. Let's ask Darren this question. Darren, what's your question? I'm sorry, brother. Hi, pace. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, I can hear you. Great. Great. Sorry, I didn't turn out my video. I've been six since getting back from clever. Oh, yeah. A lot of people got that clever flu or that clever COVID. A lot of people got it. Hannah Landio last year, where at Philpore, at the 12th hour on close pay, basically. And even though our paperwork said that the EMD funds go back to us in the contract, the title company wouldn't release the funds without a mutually signed letter of release. And it took us a couple months to get that done. So would it be the best practice in the beginning, especially if you're lending on this too? So Darren, here's what's great about this. So as a Gator lender, there's four other documents. You saw in that email that I showed you guys just recently, right? Yeah. Okay. There is a set of escrow instructions that requires your title and escrow company to sign off on that they understand that there is no need for a mutual consent. Great. That makes sense. I will be giving that to all the Gator lenders. Does that make sense? Perfect. Okay. So your contract states it. But then on top of that, the lender, I'm going to go through the process when you're in the private Gator tribe. I'm going to teach you guys how to talk to the escrow agents. I'm going to bring Alison Gustafson, my transaction coordinator in there. She's going to teach you how to talk to the title companies and how to walk through the process and get them to sign the document acknowledging during the inspection period. And before you wire your money as the Gator lender, that the title and escrow company acknowledge in the escrow instructions that they have read the purchase contract and they hear by all and understand that your money will be refunded back to you. Perfect. And if the wholesaler didn't use your paperwork, but still want to lend to them, don't wait. This isn't hell no. Yeah. Do not lend to them because they're using some free downloaded wholesale contract off somebody's YouTube or somebody's bullshit website. They're using a horrible contract. Okay. I'm hoping to actually utilize to create a whole standardized wholesale contract by having everybody out there working on this contract and we'll update it. We'll continually update it when somebody's like, hey, I ran into an issue. We'll update it. I'll pay my attorney to update it. I want everybody to have access to the Dropbox link. Okay. So we will update it as we run into new issues or new things. And that's kind of the cool thing about a community is that people kind of collectively come in and go, hey, I have these issues or hey, I ran into this. Can you help me out with this and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? So if somebody's using their own contract, here's one of the other things I've given you. Okay. I will give to the lenders. You as a lender will have your wholesaler have to get your cell, their seller to sign an addendum. And I'm giving that document to you guys as well. Does that make sense, Darren? That's perfect. Thank you. Okay. Of course. I did you watch the contract or did you watch the Sean St. Clair Zoom? I know that I do a lot of content. I totally get that it's probably absolutely. I want to do that and it was good. Do you remember me talking about the escrow instructions and making sure here's the escrow instructions right here. Assignment of earnest money deposit and irrevocable escrow instructions. Here it is right here. This is the document I will be giving to lenders. So I just popped it up for a second. I will be giving that to you as a lender. So if your wholesaler does not use the standardized gator wholesale contract that protects both the wholesaler and the gator you as the wholesaler you as the gator lender need to go into that whole thing and go, Hey, I'm happy to loan the $1,000 to you or the $5,000 to you or the $10,000 to you, whatever it is. But you got to get your seller to sign this addendum or else we don't have a deal. Right. We've been my brother and I would be eager to get this going. Taking action on PCS, but we want to make sure that we were in lockstep with the paperwork and everything so we're protected. Absolutely. I appreciate that.