 All right, so I did just figure out AirMe. It's kind of a newer platform, so thank you for being patient with me. All right, so if you guys remember this, we went through and we taught you guys right here, we've got a whale, a dolphin, a swimmer, a shark, a gator, and a camel. These are all the different types of private money lenders and people that lend money and where to find them, what they want, etc. But what we haven't talked about is we haven't talked about in depth what the individual types of strategies that a gator uses, okay? Because a gator can actually be one of 50 different things. A gator is so much more diverse than just one of these other personality traits. And so we already talked about this. We spent four hours on it. So anybody, it's like, oh my gosh, I missed this. I'm sorry guys, you missed out on a really great thing. I will give you guys a link to this. I'll email everybody. I'll give you a link to the four hour training that we did a couple of months ago about all of this, okay? But right now, the main thing I'm going to talk about are all of the gator strategies, okay? We're going to talk about gator strategies today. And we're going to go through and tell you a bunch of, probably not all of, I'd say 90% of the strategies I could think of early this morning when I prep this. Okay? Now, the original gator method, you guys should all know this. The original gator method is helping wholesalers find buyers, comp deals. Now you're thinking like, well, how is that gator lending? Well guys, gator, the gator method is what it's called, not gator lending. The gator method is utilizing a resource, one of probably 25 different resources, which we'll go through today, utilizing 25 resources to gain part of the deal, right? Whether it's part of somebody's assignment, part of the backend of a fixed inflip, part of the equity of a deal, part of the cash flow of a deal. And so many other things that we're going to go into. I've got a handful of case studies of deals that I'm in the middle of right now and how I use the gator method to get myself into those deals, gain ownership, et cetera. The original gator method was always, okay? Always about helping wholesalers find buyers and comping deals. It's been one of the most utilized methods of gaining chunks of someone else's deal. What you're doing is you're getting part of their assignment fee, right? You're helping bring a resource to the table. You brought a buyer to the table. Now a lot of people in here are like, oh my gosh, I don't know how to do that, right? And also the issue with this is that everybody in their dog, everybody in their freaking dog in my market in Arizona is like tagging and saying things on Instagram like send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals. Can you, I can help you find a buyer? Has anybody ever seen that? Have you guys ever seen that in Facebook groups? You've seen that on Instagram? You've seen that at Rias. You've seen that at real estate meetups like, hey, send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals, send me your deals. It's a utilized method and people make a lot of money with this. But the challenge with this is that everybody's trying to do it and that really you need a competitive advantage. You need a competitive advantage in order to insert yourself into deals. And then also there's a lot of people that are brand new to real estate and they're like, I don't know how to find a buyer. I don't have to negotiate. I don't have to comp. I don't have to do any of that kind of stuff. And so that's where I created the second strategy. The second strategy is utilizing or funding people's earnest money. You see this, okay? I hope you guys can see this, okay? Okay? Cool. Love it. Thank you guys. Okay. So the majority of new wholesalers, oh, I've got a really great voice memo by the way. I got to show you guys. So the majority of new wholesalers cannot even fund their own transactions. Okay? So earnest money. Some of you guys don't even know what earnest money is. They're I guarantee you out of 2,200 people in here now. There are people that don't even know what earnest money is. Okay? And so we are going to train on that in the Gator method. We are going to teach you guys all that kind of stuff. I swear, ever since I heard you speaking in the family. Sorry. I'm pulling up a recording of somebody who sent my wife a message. Hold on a second. But what are you supposed to do when right now he's the only one working, you know? What are we supposed to do when we don't have enough income? We don't have enough income to invest, but we want to succeed. We want to succeed so bad. We're at the plea of saving for our first $15,000 deal. This was our way out. But it got canceled because he has for $5,000 earnest money. And we don't have $5,000 to invest. Okay. So I get messages like this all the time. It's a message from somebody. It's a budding or a new wholesaler. Somebody who is saying, I just got a contract and the seller asked me for earnest money. In that situation, she said I have a 15,000. She basically, she had a buyer already, but they hadn't cleared titles. So they're buyers, buyers like I'm not putting earnest money until titles been cleared. The seller is saying I want a $5,000 earnest money to start the transaction. And the whole seller, this lady who sent my wife, wife this voice memo was like, I had to turn down the deal is our first deal. And I didn't have the money to put an earnest money. And so that's the advantage of being able to be in a situation where you learn how to be a gator lender where you can just fund anywhere between 500 sometimes $100. No joke. I funded for wholesalers over the years of me being in this business. I get wholesalers that call me and go, I don't have $500 to put up earnest money. What do I do? Where do I go? How do I get that money? All I have is a credit card. And they don't know how to actually use a credit card to fund their earnest money, which is one of the things I'm going to teach you guys. And so I will fund a $500 earnest money for them. And I will say, well, what's it worth to you? And they go, dude, I'll pay you $2500 out of my assignment fee. I already have a buyer lined up and making $20,000. I will pay you $2500. And the first time I did that, I was like, holy crap, I literally loaned $500 to a title company. I didn't give it to the wholesaler. I gave it to the title company. I was fearful because at the time, I didn't know how to structure the paperwork properly. That was a big thing for me. I didn't know how to structure the paperwork properly, which is one of the things that I'm going to give you guys if you guys are in the gator tribe. I'm going to give you guys all the paperwork, how to protect yourself, how to make sure you always get that money back. So I fund $500 earnest money. About four days later, they closed the transaction. I got my $500 back plus $2,500. I literally made 500% return in less than a week. That's huge. Most of the time when I'm lending money to people like on a fixed inflip, I'm making 10, maybe 12% for the year. I made 500% in a week on $500. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm on to something. Back in 2019, I was doing this a lot. But I was doing it without paperwork. I was successfully doing it. A couple of times a month, I'd make $2,500 a year, $5,000 a year, $7,000 a year every once in a while. Big chunks. I was like, man, I feel like a gator. I'm just jumping in and just taking chunks of other people's deals. That's the thing a gator will do. A gator will go in and eat a dead carcass or whatever and take a chunk of that dead the carcass. Other people's deals that are dead or other people's situations that are basically broken. I would jump in there and bring a resource to the table, like $500 or $1,000. I would put myself in a really powerful position to make a lot of money. Here's the challenge. Here's the big challenge of that. In 2019, after doing this successfully for, I don't know, probably six months or so, I probably had made close to $100,000 doing this. No problems whatsoever. Then I started branching out into other states, utilizing Facebook groups to go and find people that needed these types of services. In 2019, I found a wholesaler in Houston, Texas. I learned how cutthroat Houston can really be, not just from the wholesalers perspective. I dealt with a couple of cuts through wholesalers, but not with gator lending. I just learned jumping into Houston. It's why I call Houston the swamp. It's where I learned and I started calling this the gator method is because Houston is very humid and there's water everywhere. I was like, oh, I'm going to go into the swamp and I'm going to go in and I'm going to gain chunks of people's deals. Here's what happened. What happened is I put myself in a situation where I funded $1,000 on two separate transactions. I did earnest money and two separate transactions and I did not have my paperwork. I didn't do paperwork. It was just like handshake deals that whole time. I was like, okay, I'm funding their earnest money and I'm going to make a bunch of money, right? I've been doing this for a long time. I've made $100,000. It's easy. This is great. It's like this little known secret. Nobody knows about. Well, I didn't know something about Texas. I didn't know that if I fund earnest money and the seller and the whole seller have a disagreement that the seller has to release the earnest money back to me and they have to give permission. Even during the inspection period, even during the inspection period, the seller has to give you permission to get your money back. That's not how it is in Arizona. In Arizona, the way it works is if I fund your earnest money, okay? So here's what happened, okay? I fund two transactions in Texas, $1,000 at the title company, thinking I'm protected by the title company. Didn't have any paperwork. Didn't have anything. I just thought, well, the whole seller has a 10 day inspection period. So if the whole seller decides to cancel or you can't find his buyer at any point during that 10 day inspection period, it doesn't matter. We cancel the contract. I get my $1,000 back, right? That's what I thought. Wrong. I was absolutely wrong. My $1,000 is still from 2019, still sitting at those two title companies in their escrow account, waiting for the seller to give us permission to get those two chunks of $1,000 back. I lost those two $1,000 chunks. And it was because I didn't have my paperwork correct. And what that did is this put me in a situation where I go, okay, well, if I'm going to keep doing this, I'm going to, I'm not going to lose money. And there's so many other states just besides Texas that also require you to have both the seller and the whole seller say Utah's one of them, okay? Utah's one of them. And I have, you have to have, you have to have a contract that goes to title that the seller has to sign up front that says during my inspection period for any reason, if the whole seller cancels, this person me, the Gatorlender, can get their money back. And so that paperwork that you guys all need in order to go and do Gatorlending, I'm going to be giving that lending or those paperwork documents to all of you guys. And I'm going to have my attorney come in and train you guys on how to actually fill it out, how to structure it properly, how to edit it, how to make it worthy and adaptive to your individual market. And we'll have a lot of fun with those trainings, okay? So earnus money is something that is massive, okay? So the majority of new wholesalers do not have $1,000 for earnus money, okay? Depending on the wholesalers assignment fee, you can make up to $5,000 or, you know, less than 15 days with no risk if your paperwork is correct. Now since I started utilizing that paperwork and I had it drafted by my attorney, I've never had a problem. I've ran into situations where I've had to update the paperwork, but we've updated the paperwork so many times that I feel like it's bulletproof now. What's great about it is I've used this method not only to put myself in a situation where I get a chunk of their assignment fee, I didn't even have to find the buyer. Like they found the buyer. All I did was fund the earnus money. That's it. I didn't have to find the deal. I didn't have to cold call the seller. I didn't have to find the buyer. I didn't have to do anything except fund their earnus money, literally, okay? What I've done in this method is I've gotten back into money and now what back in money is, is let's say that somebody who's a fixin' flipper, they'll come to me and they'll say, hey, I need transactional funding or I need earnus money or I need this, that or the other, I need gap lending and I'll show you guys what all that stuff is here shortly. But they'll come to me and say, I need a resource and I'll go, well, what's it to you? Like I'll take 10 grand upfront, but I also want 20% of your net, okay? 20% of your net and a lot of people don't know what the hell that even means. So 20% of the net would mean they go and do the fixin' flip, they make $100,000 net, I get $20,000 at the end of the fixin' flip as like an additional cherry on top. But that is part of Gator lending, okay? You can gain partial ownership. I've got multiple properties that I own partial ownership in. You can gain part of the cash flow. I've got properties and deals that I'm in the middle of that I get part of the cash flow because I brought resources to the table. And then you guys, think about this. For all the people that are out there saying send me your deals, right? The people that are like, let me sell your deals for you. If that's your strategy and that's what you want to do. So you can get a share of your net and a lot of people that are out there saying send me your deals. So you can get a share of your net and a lot of people that are like, let me sell your deals for you. So you can get a share of your net and a lot of people that are like, let me sell your deals for you.