 And I make a lot of money, but I don't pay any money in taxes. Okay. So I'm going to tell you a couple of things I do to not pay money in taxes. And some of those are going to be helpful for you. And some of those are not going to be helpful for you. Some of them are actually going to be daunting because some of them involved buying real estate. And I'm going to go down that road regardless. But Carolyn, have you set up an LLC yet? I have not. Okay. I'm going to tell you a couple of things. Okay. From what I've learned, a lot of what happens, right? So people will go, I want to go from a hobby to a business. Right. In order for me to go from a hobby to a business, a big part of that is psychological, right? Of like, I want to make a commitment, right? So what happens a lot of times is people will go, well, I'm going to go pay for a mentorship. And that sometimes we'll get them, you know, good portion of people move from hobby to business because they're like, okay, I've paid for something. I've committed now and part of a tribe and part of a community of people that are helping me through this. And it's like kind of replacing some of my old friends that are not really doing what I want to do with new friends that have common interests, which you've already done. Right. But then I'd say there's like 95% of people that still like just because they join a mentorship or they're in a community have still not taken it from hobby to business. And the reason for that part of it is, you know, I'm not perfect. I'm not this or the other, I'm not going to go through the mindset stuff today of that. That's a whole another conversation for another day. And I can help you break through some of those things, but I don't want to use your time in that regard today. Tell Myra to have me back and we can talk about how I overcome that on a daily basis. But the biggest thing that I learn that takes people and I teach thousands of people, thousands and thousands of people that learn from me and crazy ones that hang out with me on Sunday morning at 9 a.m. when they could be doing literally anything else. Right. So I have thousands and thousands of people in the number one thing that keeps him from going from a hobby to an actual business is whether they have an LLC and a bank account. Right. Because here's what happens is psychologically, you go, well, first off, like an LLC, such a daunting name in the first place. It's like LLC. What the heck is that? Why do I need it? A lot of people don't know. I can go into that a little bit. But then also there's this amazing energy that comes around when you actually have a bank account associated with your LLC where now the universe knows you have an empty bank account, maybe has a hundred bucks in it or something because you'll have to fund it. But now there's a place for customers and people to send money other than just your personal pocket of cash or whatever else. Right. The psychological change there is like, whoa, I have a real business. I need to actually put some thought and things into this. And so an LLC is what I find helps 90% of people, whereas like paying from mentorship helps about 10% of people. Okay. So if you don't have an LLC, I would I would tell you the company guys, everybody in the side chat, who what company do I use and how can I what link should what should Carolyn use? You can see you see all my people. They they know where to go. PCS. Okay. Yes. Okay. The name of the company is prime corporate services. dot com. If you use code pace, you'll get a discount or code ABC, ABC, like a simple one, but prime corporate services.com forward slash pace. Now, I don't get paid for that. There are things that I affiliate for. I don't affiliate for them. I just know I was like for a really, really long time, I would get people that would pay to learn from me real estate. And I, you know, six months later, my mentorship is like lifelong. And so people come to me a year later, they go, I still haven't done a deal. I'm like, okay, I'm kind of digging into what they're doing. And then I go, wait, you don't even have a business name. You don't even have an LLC. You don't have a this and they go, oh my God. Yeah, I don't because I don't have a deal yet. And Mike, if that's now how this works, you create a business, you create a structure in in which that your your ideas, your energy and all this kind of stuff can exist. And then what's amazing, did you, Carolyn, your older like me, did you ever watch Kevin Costner's greatest movie? A field of dreams. I have. And what's the most famous line in that home movie? Oh gosh, you put me on the spot here. I remember it. If I say it, you'll remember it. Sorry. If you, if you build it, they will come. Yes, they will come. So it's the same thing with an LLC. The thing with an LLC is that I find that people go, well, I'm going to go join a mentorship and I'm going to join a community. Great. It helps a lot of people get you a little bit more comfortable. But then if you don't have something to actually put money into, what happens is the opportunities, the action, even yourself and the commitment level you have is diminished because it's like, well, where am I? What am I doing here? So for you, for me, Carolyn, what is your company name? Carolyn's makers. I like that. Okay. Are you aware of whether that's a company that is available for you to have an LLC around it or not? I believe it is because I already secured my domain. I'm working on fixing up the website, but I don't have it open yet. But I do have my name secured. I love that. Yes. Okay. But you're talking about the website domain. Are you aware of the LLC is available? I am not. Hey, you, I would fix that if I were you because think about this. If you go and build a website and you're branding and all the stuff, then you go and find Carolyn's makers is not available. My, my name's pace. And you would be surprised at how many freaking people have used the name, pace and all sea names. And it's like, I can't use that. Can't use that. Can't use that. So you want to make sure that your LLC is way more important than your actual domain, your LLC or your company that you have registered with the state costs a couple hundred bucks. But you know, for that couple hundred dollars, you have Carolyn, are you in California? Where are you at? I'm in Florida. Amazing. So California is the only state that really requires you to continually repay for your LLC. Like in state of Arizona, Florida, you get an LLC. You don't have to pay for a new LLC every single year. You just own that LLC. So for a couple of hundred bucks, you now have your website name is cool. But if it doesn't match your LLC, you're going to have this weird thing in your brain of like, man, they don't match up and I don't like that. I like synchronicity, right? And I'm sure you do too. Yes. I want to be the same. There you go. So what I would do is I would go to prime corporate services.com and I would say in book a call with them, set up an LLC. They'll get the name reserved for you. They'll get your operating agreement. They'll do all the things for you and you're like, wow, and is my business worthy of ball this? Yes. It's absolute standard practice. Even if you've never charged for a single thing in your life, you should have an LLC because the energy of the universe is like, wow, Carolyn now has a place to put money from an actual customer. Okay. It's a weird thing. Does anybody felt that way in the site to comments? Have you guys ever felt like once you created your LLC and you put your bank account associated with that? Like you're like, oh my gosh, now I'm officially in business. Yeah, I feel I feel like that. There you go. So if you have not set up an LLC, I would suggest doing that. Okay, because here's the other thing that's really challenging. The government and why an LLC is so important, the government will incentivize you. Oh, perfect. Carolyn put her camera on. Now I can chat with her. This is great. There she is. Oh my gosh. I my people know I just I prefer it this way. Okay. And if you anybody that is in Myra's group, is this helping you guys understand why an LLC is so important? Maryland. Okay, cool. Look at all my people. They already love you. Does anybody love Carolyn yet? Oh my gosh. Okay. Cool. Very shy. You shouldn't be. I know I shouldn't be. You're right. You got style. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay. So this I know I'm going a little bit slow for my group. My group knows why an LLC is important. My group has an LLC and it makes you feel like it's real. Okay. So here's the crazy thing. This government wants to incentivize you to build a business. Why do they want to incentivize you to build an actual business? Get tax deductions. They don't want you to get that. They do give you tax deductions and they reward you. That's kind of the reward. But the the reason why they want you to be in businesses so you can pay employment tax and all these other things and 80 what is a 85% of all businesses that pay money to the IRS are small businesses with less than five five employees 85% Wow, that's a lot. I didn't know that a lot because we all think like general motors and this and the other well here's the thing is most general motors and forward and all these kind of people. They figure out how to pay as little taxes and possible. I mean look at apple. They have something like 200 billion dollars sitting overseas because they're like we don't want to bring that money back into America because we will be taxed on it right. So these big corporations are trying to avoid taxes. It's the smaller companies that are actually the ones that are paying the majority of the taxes in America. So the IRS and the federal government want to incentivize you, Carolyn, to start a business get some employees. So that you pay employment tax in this and that and blah blah blah blah. So that's why they want you to start an LLC. And they reward you with tax deductions that is super helpful.