 So it looks like we have a couple of people already with their hands raised. Once Sean, do you have the docs on your computer so if we can pull up to go directly to those spots, okay, great. Yeah, I'll share my screen. Perfect. And then Anthony, I'm going to unmute you first. It looks like I have you first for questions. Hold on. Hey Molly, can you see my screen with it should be the assignment of Ernest May deposit up there? I can't. I can't see it. Yeah. All right. Um, I'm going to mute it. Oh wow. Let's see. Oh Anthony, can you, yeah, you can speak now, right? Okay. Yeah. Well, I'm muted to show. So all right. Well, what I just, I've kind of been out of the loop for a minute. I just wanted to make sure that one, this one that we're looking at and then like there's a change in time to come up here so that your time when the語 promise you get preset button, will I stop here and Ziit frustration just because you just, you just focus. I know this is going small and it's a long process, but so far I've only seen two forms come out. And now that we've recovered, what I'm getting deal requests for. Right, so the forms that we're gonna cover today are only for earnest money lending. If you're gonna do gator lending, cause Facebook refers to it as gator lending as well, but you're basically providing funding for a transaction, either as the lender in the transaction or an investor, then you're gonna need additional documents. So for example, if you are, let's say somebody comes to you and says, hey, can you provide a second position loan to make improvements to this property and you say, oh yeah, I'll be the funding source, but I also want part of the transaction or an equity interest in the transaction. Then in that case, you're gonna want a promissory note secured by either a mortgage or deed of trust against the property itself, and then you're gonna want a JV agreement. And then you're gonna have to negotiate with the other parties as far as whether you go on title or not, but either way, the JV agreement would provide how profits, losses, expenses are all proportioned and allocated to the respective investors, including yourself. So the promissory note's gonna be what's gonna put the, put any kind of capital as collateral. So at the house or at the secondary house, now the promissory note is evidence of the loan. So the problem, so you can have a promissory note that's not secured, so you can have an unsecured promissory note. So the promissory note is the loan or evidence of the loan. It's the, the tangible asset, it's what we call negotiable instrument. It's like a check, right? A promissory note's like a check. So you always want to keep the original of that safe, but the promissory note is then secured by either a deed of trust in a deed of trust state like Arizona or a mortgage in a mortgage state like, say, Wisconsin. So those, it really depends on the state where the property is located. Some states allow deeds of trust, which are better because you can foreclose them outside of the court system versus a mortgage has to be a judicial foreclosure. But a deed of trust or mortgage is the lien that you place against the property. So it's actually two documents. Because I've been watching groups and they talk about loans in some states, I know this isn't going to be strictly legal advice for making a generality. If a state has an interest cap on loans, is that considered a loan or could we consider it a joint venture and I'm providing capital not a loan? I don't know. I mean, you know, Arizona doesn't have that cap. We do if it's, it basically says that our maximum interest rate is 10% or whatever the party's agreed to when they're written contract. So we really don't have a cap. So I can't speak. I would have to look at the specific statute, but a lot of times, you know, if it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck, it is a duck, regardless of what you're going to call it, right? So, you know. All right. Well, that kind of answers as far as the promise or something that I'm going to need. If I'm doing deals outside of just the moment, the idea of what we've covered so far. Yeah, Anthony, I just thought about this because obviously we do this a lot, right? Like we have properties that we lend, either for, we spawn to the loan or we do some kind of second position lender on a property of our own, right? And so in those cases, just like Sean said, we have secured in Arizona, of course, a promissory note and a deed of trust against the property. Sometimes I'll also do a JV agreement just so we outline what our agreement is, but sometimes I won't. And I don't know if that's incorrect, Sean, where if we don't have a JV agreement, but we have the promissory note and the deed of trust that's gone through title, is that correct? Yeah, I mean, if you're taking a bite to like the lender, right, or the gator, if you're taking a bite of the transaction in exchange for coming up with the money source, then you should have a JV agreement, which outlines what you're doing. JV agreements, one option, you could also form an LLC that actually then is gonna own the property and have an operating agreement in which you take a percentage as well. That's another option. One just requires a little bit more formality, IEV operating agreement is more formal, but you should have some document in place saying what bite of the transaction you're taking, a 10%, 25%, 40%, whatever it is, that you're getting that portion of the transaction. So I would like to see an agreement outside of the note deed of trust. Okay, perfect. Thank you. All right, Anthony, is that the only question you had? Yeah, pretty much, I appreciate it. Thank you. Perfect.