 I love that. Okay, so we have sufficiently checked the box on what a transaction coordinator is. We have sufficiently checked the box on how Heather learned how to become a transaction coordinator. And we have sufficiently checked the box on how did Heather get interface with these types of opportunities. So let's rehearse what those opportunities are. Just one more time for the people that now their brains understand what a transaction coordinator is. So now they can comprehend what the hell you're talking about. Yeah, I didn't even know what a TC was two and a half weeks. I mean, just like in, you know, back back back. But yeah, so I've got a thousand EMD that I'm going to be loaning for 60 days. I'll make 500 on that. And that was the one we were talking about last night where it's not, it hasn't been, it's already been signed with a non-gator wholesale contract. So I've got to call title and see if it's in a mutual release state. Okay, so let's, let's, let's stay on that for just a second. Okay. So guys, take you out in your, no pads in your pens, okay? Because I'm answering questions right now. Okay, I'm answering questions. There's a question right there that just because I did not lay out the question, doesn't mean there wasn't a very specific upcoming, very common question. And here's the question. The whole seller that I'm going to fund my thousand dollar earnest money to, the whole seller used the wrong contract. What should I do? Did everybody understand that that's the question? Okay. Give me a yes in the comments, especially for your non-subtuced and that's no, I will, if you are a non-subtuced student, you know, you don't know this, but I will get on your ass if you do not fill up my chat. There's something magical that happens when you confirm through your own fingers, your fingers then plug that into your brain that you understand it and we can move forward. Okay. Thank you guys so much. So that's the question. The question is pace. I've got a, I've got a wholesaler that's got a deal and they need me to fund a thousand dollars earnest money and I'm really looking forward to this because I can make a couple thousand bucks or five hundred bucks or a thousand dollars or whatever it is. However, the contract that they used, first thing that you, you did properly is review their contract is step number one, review their contract. Okay. Guess what? They didn't use. They didn't use the contract that we as a team, we as, we as a group need to educate all the wholesalers and the nation that they should be using this contract in order to get gator lending from us. Okay. So they used the wrong contract and why is that so important? Well we covered this in gator lending number three, which is the contract that you use should give you the ability to get them earnest money back in the event that the wholesaler can't find a buyer in their first 10 days. By the way, I'm rehashing things that we talked about last week. So the contract does not allow for Heather or that wholesaler to get their earnest money back if the, if they canceled during their inspection period. Okay. Just real quick on that. Heather, I'm so sorry. I have to educate while I'm teaching answering your question. This is part education part question answering. What happens a lot today or what happens a lot is I will open a transaction. I will buy a house with a seller. Okay. Seller gets a seller and I get a contract. And in the state of Arizona, I'm perfectly fine. But in some of you guys as other knucklehead stupid states like Florida. Okay. Here's my seller. And here's me or let's say here's the wholesaler. WS is wholesaler that we get a contract. Okay. This contract states that I'm going to buy this house for whatever dollar amount. But the main thing that it states is it states that I need to put a thousand dollars down when I go open escrow at the title company. So I go to the title company and I put that thousand dollars there. The opportunity exists because this wholesaler right here does not have that thousand dollars. And so Heather is going to bring that thousand dollars to the table. However, the contract that Heather is reviewing right here, this contract does not state that Heather will get the earnest money back during a cancellation, even if it's during the inspection period. Okay. The average inspection period in in the country is probably about 10 to 15 days. Arizona. It's 10 days is our average inspection period. Other places like Florida. It's 15. So my wholesaler is using Jamil's contract. I realize it's the different program than sub two. But are those contracts also acceptable? Marsha, let me ask you that same question. Marsha. Every other wholesale contract is an absolute waste of your life to spend your time on. I don't care who's it is. I don't care if it's Jerry Norton's. I don't care if it's brand Daniel's. I don't care if it's Jamil Damjee's as a gator lender. All of those contracts are worth less zero percent value to you as a gator lender. Have we sufficiently answered that question? Somebody's going to come to me in 15 minutes and say, well, what about Max Maxwell's? What about this other guy, Matt Terrio? Guys, all of those contracts are great for wholesalers that don't need gators. And they're absolutely worthless for people who are gators. Have we sufficiently checked that box? Do we now know the answer to that question? Cool. But what a, you know, Max Maxwell's a pretty freaking cool guy. And Jamil Damjee's my best friend. So are the, you know what, let's do them a favor. Let's use their contracts, right? They're going to be using your contracts soon. They will be using my contracts. Okay. Or they will take certain things from my contracts and update theirs as long as they have a certain couple of provisions in there that protect you as a gator lender. So step number one, when you get interfaced with one of these wholesalers that says, hey, Heather, I need a thousand dollars from my earnest money. You want to do what? Step number one, review the contract that they're using. Okay. So review the contract that they're using. The second thing I want you to do in this situation, okay. Number one, review the contract. I have to write this down. I know. But you know, it's funny as somebody will go, what does REV mean? Guys, this means review. Okay. Arthur laughs, but it's very true. When I go to the general public, like open YouTube and like open Facebook live stuff I get, people have no clue what any of these acronyms stand for. So review. Okay. You review their contract. Okay. And I'll give you a couple of A, B, like if this, then that type of things in just a minute. The second thing I want to do is I want to make sure I understand state law. Okay. Why? Because in Arizona, nobody cares if I'm during, if I have an inspection period. So check this out, guys. Here's the timeline. Somebody's going to ask one day they're going to have a hard time. So S means seller, WS means wholesaler, right? Wholesaler means they're not going to actually buy the property. Okay. What happens is this contract has about a 10 day lifespan before it goes, it goes bad. Has a hat. What would you call that? Not a due date. What's the thing? Expiration date. Now, that's not the technical term for it. But let's think of it as a jar of pickles with an expiration date. Okay. And usually that expiration date is about 10 days. So on day one, all the way through. Heather, who is the lender, wants to make sure that her earnest money is protected. Right? So she funds the earnest money to the title company. Yes, that's where it goes. The money goes to the title company from Heather. Okay. And that money sits in there for essentially that lifespan. Okay. In Arizona, if I cancel at any point along the way, I cancel at any point, even on the 10th day. Listen to me, guys. If I cancel at any point along my inspection period, and the inspection period could be anything, sometimes a seller wants you to have zero inspection period. And we're going to get into that in a little bit as well. This is why you should review the contract. Does the contract have an inspection period? Okay. You're in your contract is going to state how long, how, how much life you have here. Does everybody understand that? Okay. Can a, here, let's do a little, a little Q&A. Can a wholesalers contract or can, and even our contract, the gator contract, can it state zero inspection days? Zero ability to have an inspection period. Can it state that? Cool. Can it also state that we have a 60 day window, a 60 day expiration date? Amazing. I can't tell you, some people are going to say, well, where do, what should I get? What should I make sure that there's an inspection day? Standard is 10 days. Okay, that's standard. But the wholesaler and the seller, unfortunately, they're the ones that work that out and negotiate that. So that's not really up to you. Now, you can train your wholesalers that you're working with and say, look, guys, I'd really appreciate a 10 day time frame because it's going to take you some time to find a buyer, because that's essentially what these wholesalers are doing. wholesalers are doing, right? Wholesalers are stupid because what they do is they go get a contract right here. Pay attention to this. They will go get a contract with a seller well before they even have somebody to buy that contract. Okay. And then they're the ones that are coming into wholesale hotline and they're the ones that are saying, hey, I have a contract, but it's not selling. Okay. So what you will run into from time to time. Okay. What you will run into is that now what is the whole, once the wholesaler gets a contract signed and they open escrow, they get their thousand dollars earnest money funded by, let's say, Heather, what does that wholesaler now go focus their entire time and energy on for the next 10 days, Heather? Finding a buyer. Finding a buyer desperately, waking up in the morning with cold sweats. I need a buyer. I need a buyer. So let's say that they bought the house for $200,000. That's what the contract is. They're now going to go and try and find a buyer out in the world. Right? Here's the, here's the world. That's what my world looks like. They're going to try and find this little buyer down here and say, hey, buyer, I will sell this house to you for $220,000. And they're going to try and make a $20,000 sign of fee or $25,000 or $27,000 sign of fee or whatever. Now what they're going to do is they're going to ask this buyer somewhere in the world to do what? Heather? They are going to ask them to put a non-refundable EMD down that's larger than the seller. Yes. There you go. Love it. So Heather put in $1,000 because that's what the wholesaler and seller, we call this the A, B contract. Okay? Okay. A is the seller. That's the first person. And then the next person in that line would be the wholesaler. So the next one would be the B to C contract. So we're trying, we are B and they are C. So I'm going to have another contract with them. And this contract is going to state that this person has no inspection period and they need to bring at least $3,000. And then that way I know as Heather, the person who loaned $1,000, I know that no matter what happens that transaction, I'm getting my $1,000 back plus I will get the other, I will get $2,000 out of that $3,000. And why is that? Why do I not get the full $3,000? Everybody? People are thinking and typing. There you go. A lot of people got the answer. $1,000 goes to the seller. So here's what happens. Here comes in and the buyer brings in $3,000 earnus money. I as Heather brought in $1,000. So combined, there's $4,000 sitting in escrow at the title company just sitting there waiting for the transaction to be closed. Let's say that the buyer cancels, okay, that this money now, guess what I get? The way the contracts are written is that that money is now forfeited by that buyer and what ends up happening is this. Out of this $4,000, $1,000 of that goes to the seller, okay, because the seller had their security up here. If you guys remember, remember this contract right here? They have $1,000 of security that they wrote in the contract that stated that they get to keep $1,000 if that wholesaler goes past that 10-day mark without canceling, okay? By the way, this is a rehash of what we already talked about last week, but repetition is the king or whatever that phrase is. So the seller now gets their $1,000, so they're taking care of, right? Now how much money is left over? Well guess what? There's $3,000 left over here, okay? Because I had my $4,000 here and $1,000 of it went to the seller, so the seller's happy. And guess what? I now get to replenish my $1,000 that goes back to me. And the beautiful thing is what is left over also goes to me and that is my $2,000 of profit even if the transaction does not complete. However, Heather's question is very important because in Arizona, listen to me, in Arizona, we are the greatest state in the United States. All of your other states suck. You guys all should move to Arizona. Everybody else sucks, okay? I don't really mean that, I'm just kidding. But some of you guys, the states are challenging and here's why they're challenging is because the state of California, the state of Utah, the state of Florida, the state of Texas require a mutual release of the earnest money, which means even if, okay, even if I'm in this 10 day period right here, is this too messy or is this okay? No, it looks good. You can write it. So this 10 day inspection period that I had in this original contract, it says that I can cancel for any reason. You know what the state of Utah, the state of Florida, the state of Texas, the state of California does not allow? Is they will let me cancel the contract, but what they do is they say, no problem. We will give you your earnest money back if and only if what? The seller mutually agrees and signs off on it. That is correct. The seller has to physically write that they approve that you get your money back, okay? Is everybody aware of this? I know we've covered this last week, but I just want to go over this again because it leads into answering the question. Okay? So I currently have, I currently have, I think, three transactions in Houston, Texas, that I have $1,000 of earnest money sitting there for over four stinking years. One because I didn't know that there was, that was even such a thing that everything I had done up until four years ago was all in the state of Arizona. I just recently started buying outside of the state of Arizona about four years ago, okay? So in Arizona, if I cancel during my 10 day inspection period, let me ask you a question. In Arizona, do I need the seller's permission in order to get my, my earnest money back? Nope. No. That's why I had an inspection period. However, some of your states, even if I have an inspection period, meaning I have 10 days to inspect the product before I actually finalize the transaction. And during that inspection period, I can say, hey, you know what? I saw something I didn't like. I got a bad feeling. I woke up with a cold, there's sneeze and I decided I don't want to buy this house. You can cancel for any reason if you're the buyer. You can cancel for zero reasons if you are the seller. The only reason you can cancel if you're the seller is what reason, Heather? Do you know? Uh, is, gosh, I don't actually know if I know that one. There is only one way a seller can cancel a contract with you. It's if you the buyer breach anything in that contract, you the buyer have to cause a problem that gives the seller cause. The seller can't just go and say, I'm not doing this deal anymore. The seller is legally bound. Does that mean it doesn't matter what state you're in. No state on the planet earth. No state will allow a seller to cancel a contract. That's good. Tony York says, or they can prove they signed under duress. I've never heard of that once ever happening. I would love to see that actually happen. Sounds like some amber herdshit. Okay. I found out that this isn't in Illinois. It's in Arkansas. So I need to I still need to call title. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. So we're filling in a lot of gaps, guys, so that I can make sure we never have to cover this again so we can move forward in the training. Okay. So and some of this we've already rehashed, but we got to do it again because apparently people need to hear it a second or third time. I'm looking at the comments and people like, wow, oh my gosh, almost as if we've never talked about this. So I'm rehashing it, maybe filling in some gaps, maybe gives you guys some additional benefits. So in the state of Arizona, as the gator lender, I don't care really what contract my whole seller uses. My whole seller could technically use. My whole seller could technically use Jerry Norton or Jamil Dam's yours Brent Daniels wholesale contract. Couldn't they? Yeah. Because my state allows me to get my earnest money back. However, what contracts do I always want to make sure I use of paces no matter what state? You want to make sure that the agreement between you and the wholesaler, the agreement between you and the wholesaler, the JV agreement states that when you, they're buyer cancels, that you get the earnest money, right? That contract does not exist anywhere in the planet except for right here. It's the only place that that's ever been created. Nobody's ever even created these ideas and these thoughts. Okay? So the situation that Heather's in is she has a state or she has a wholesaler that has a contract. So let's go through this. What's the first thing that we should do in this situation? We should number one, review their contract. What contract did they use? Does it state that they can, did they use the right contract? If the answer's no, what do we then do? Okay? If the answer's no, ask them to do a new contract. Go back to the seller and get a new contract. Go back and refresh that. That's never going to happen. Yeah. In this case, I didn't want to. Hell no. Or get an addendum. Okay? Addendum also created and given to you guys. Again, this guy's, this is cost me over $7,000 just for this set of documents. Just wait for the future transactions that I will be training you guys on. These addendums, that addendum has already been provided to you. It is in the documents. Okay? Now, the other thing that you can do is see if they did not use the right contract, make sure you then go to rule number two, which is, hey, if their state law allows for you to get your EMD back, Arizona is one of those states, then I really don't care about that contract that they use. Those are the three things you do. You review the contract. They go, I'm an I use Jamil's contract, which actually is a good wholesale contract, but it's not good for this. Okay? Jesse Kay says EMD loan agreement has a significant typo. Perfect. I'm going to check state law, right? In Arizona, how do I check state law? Do I call an attorney or maybe what I do is I call the title company who's going to be in charge of the transaction in the first place, that might as well be the God of the transaction. The title company is going to be the people who ultimately release their in his money back to you anyway, and they're the ones handling the transaction for the most part. They are the people you want to ask, hey, if I loan this thousand dollars, here's the script, somebody's going to go, what do I say? How do I talk to another human being? So what you do is you go, hey, title company, my name is pace morbby. I'm coming in and joint venturing with the whole seller on this deal. And I'm bringing a thousand dollars as earnest money, but I really want to make sure that you guys do not require the seller to release my earnest money back to me if we cancel during the inspection period. I have just given you the script. Okay? That script has just been said to you. I'm sure that Rachel on my team will take that script and write that into the syllabus. Yes, guys, we are creating a syllabus behind me. Rachel on our team is going through and taking the notes and then building this into an entire syllabus. Okay? Even in a state like Arizona, can a contract have verbiage in which you still need to review to ensure your money is protected? Yes, you should always review the contract. You should always look at it. So guys, who should I ask? Let's at the end of the day, who's the person I should ask this question to? I don't come. Okay, because you guys are going to you guys are going to give me a barrage of questions that can all be answered by who? Right? Let's be resourceful. Go get yourself into a transaction and talk to who. There you go, closing attorney or the title company, closing attorney or the title company. Okay? You ask the person who's in charge of the transaction. Okay? Ask the person in charge of the transaction and the hub of the transaction is always the title company. Okay? So now, the contract that you really want to make sure is there once you get past that point and Heather has a contract right now is going to be in charge of the transaction. Okay? So now, the contract that you really want to make sure is there once you get past that point and Heather has a contract right now in Arkansas where somebody needs $1,000 of hers to cover the earnest money, right? So Heather, what questions do you have about that? I feel like we've now sufficiently answered a lot of people's questions as far as getting here. Yeah, I don't think there's anything else on that one. I just need to call title and see what Arkansas is. Okay, perfect. Let me quiz you. Yeah. So the title company says actually, yeah, Heather, we require a mutual release from the seller. And that's just the way it is. So if you get even if you guys canceled during the inspection period, yes, the seller has to sign off on us wiring the money back to you. What do you then do? Then I go back to the whole seller and say I can't do it. Unless. Unless. Okay. I missed that one. Or I don't remember. Number two. No, they already said they won't do a new contract and they won't do it and agenda. They don't want to, they don't want to make the seller think that there's going to be any reason that they might cancel or something. So they are said they won't do that. Perfect. So this is why wholesalers are dumb. So when people feel all sad about, oh, my pace made fun of me. I'm a wholesaler and pace is making fun of me. This is your an idiot. You know, just make sure, you know, make sure, but that was what the, that was we were trying to find a way to do it. If it was still protected, but since it's not, then yeah, you don't do it. Isn't. Yeah. This is a critical answer for all of you, Gators out there. Here's what's going to happen. Okay. The whole seller. Unfortunately, here's what's going to happen as a Gator. You guys are going to run into a lot of opportunities in the very beginning stages of this. Okay. And the trade off here, the trade off is that nobody else is getting this live training. Nobody else is going to be in live Q&As except for this group of people. Okay. And the negative part of this is that you guys are going to be part of the moving forward momentum of changing part of the industry and getting people actually utilize the proper documents and the proper contract so that they can actually receive earnest money from you guys. Okay. So you guys are going to come to me and go, oh man, these whole, I keep, I keep running into opportunities, but these wholesalers are using your wrong contracts. Yeah. You've been for warned, warned, welcome to business. This isn't like sitting in your cubicle where your boss tells you what to do all day long. This is you having to go and navigate the world like a human being. Okay. You just go make some relationships with them and then be like, hey, I'm willing to lend you if you use this contract and just keep in touch with them and make sure they are. Yes. So if these, if your wholesalers says, I don't want to go back to my seller because I didn't build strong enough rapport with them, I use the wrong contract and I don't know how to talk to a seller that I, in fact, it was like by the grace of God that I even got this contract in the first place and it's hanging on by a thread. If I go back and call the seller, I'm worried that the sellers are trying to cancel, cancel on me. Okay. Do not fund that earnest money. And why not? He'll lose your money. Get back. You'll never get it back and you'll come back to me. Guys, I am telling you right now, if somebody ever comes back into the, into the zoom and tie, side comes in the side chat and says, I lost money on the last Gator thing I did. Whose fault is that? Ever put yourself in a risky situation. Okay. You're in a risky situation. There are so many opportunities. Heather, who is probably not even trying to go out and find these Gator opportunities, just goes, oh my gosh, now that I know that these opportunities exist, they just magically popped up and I jumped on them. Imagine when you actually go out and you start going to the places and I'll do this probably in the next training as I'll show you guys where to find these opportunities and how to be one of these people who goes out and get these deals done. You will run into a lot of wholesalers in the beginning that say, oh my gosh, I would love for you to fund my earnest money. However, I don't have the right contract and the answer I would tell you is say no.