 So a lot of people will go, how do I start as a as a gator lenders? So you see all these, do you guys see these dollar amounts right here? 23 grand, 15 grand, 12 grand, 11 grand, 9,500 nine. These are all lines of credit that I've helped people. Look, this one's at 2100 bucks. I helped somebody get a $2100 line of credit. Here's another one, $3,000, $3,000, $53,000, right? So it's very simple. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm doing this all for free, okay? Because I think this is, if you guys don't remember this, like six months ago, I had this thing, this conversation in my mind of like, how do I genuinely get people to get their hands on a transaction? Even if they're not good at talking to sellers, they're not good at marketing, they're not good at anything else. How do I teach people how to get their hands on a transaction? And literally yesterday, while I was in this zoom with you guys for four hours, I came up with the idea of like, why don't I put a whole package together where I have my attorney, Sean Sank Claire put all the lending documents and all the things to safeguard you, all the paperwork that you would ever need to become a gator lender. What do you think it would cost me to have my attorney draft up all the lending documents so you can go out and start a gator lending business? Right. So I'm going to, it's not 25 grand guys. It's probably going to cost me anywhere between $4,000 and $7,000. I will have him come into the zoom, answer questions about the paperwork. I will give the lending documents to anybody so that when you lend to a wholesaler, you lend to a realtor, you lend to somebody on a probate deal, you lend on a larger deal, you understand how to protect yourself and also insert yourself into the actual transaction with the title company. So you're guaranteed to get paid. Okay. I've got a deal right now. Actually Heather Witzig. Heather Witzig right now. Heather, are you in here? Let me call on Heather real quick because I'm doing the gator method with Heather real quick. Okay. Hold on a sec. I got so many participants in here. This is 1,000 people in here all locked out. I need to get a, this is the best YouTube or a best zoom account you can get your hands on. Heather, what up? Hey, how's it going, pace? I'm good. Hey, so you and I are working on a deal right now where you are having me fund $50,000 to you. Is that correct? That's correct. Yep. Be honest, everybody. How much am I charging in interest? Be totally honest. Be totally honest. Zero. Okay, but why am I doing that? Because you're amazing. Well, I know that, but here's the thing. I'm going to tell you the truth of why I'm lending $50,000 to you for free. Okay. Yeah. And I'm going to do this in front of 1,000 people. Why am I doing this? Again, you're a newer student of mine and you're doing the more be method. And I want to help you get through that transaction so that you can turn around and help hundreds of other students. And I imagine since you joined sub two, you filled the love and the adoption that people adopted you into the sub two family, like very quickly, right? Oh, 100%. Yeah. Yeah. The reason why they did is because since day one, I've been lending to people for free, I've been helping people's deals get done, jumping in, calling sellers, doing all that kind of stuff so that I can turn people like you, Heather, into leaders. And ultimately, you will turn around and help me grow this community. That is the ultimate goal. Yeah. The larger the community, the more people are doing deals together, Heather, where did this deal come from? Did it come from somebody else or did it come from you? It actually. So because of what I learned in the other part, a couple of weeks of, yeah, it was just it came from another student. Okay. Perfect. That's what I want to hear. I want to hear from another student. This is why the sub two community dominates all other real estate communities because you can find your deals in there. You can find lenders in there, contractors in there, partners in there, acquisition people in there, whatever you need, you can find it in sub two. And so since the creation of the Morby method and me going through that and having, have you been on the phone with like Sean St. Clair and I know Molly's been helping you out a lot with this transaction? Yeah. I didn't get a chance to talk to Sean St. Clair. We haven't needed to yet, but I've been talking with Molly. Yeah. She's been great. Perfect. So what I want to do, I want you to understand, do you know where my $50,000 is coming from? From Gator lending. It's, it's come, well, Gator lending is a method, but Gator, the $50,000 I am giving you actually came from a line of credit. It's not going to cost me any money. Nice. So the line of credit is what I'm going to teach you guys how to go do on your own so that you can insert yourself into deals like this. Heather, would your deal be done, could it get done without my $50,000? I mean, we might have been able to find it elsewhere, but yeah, you saved the day. Somebody else, somebody else would have come in. They would have charged you money, right? Yeah, definitely. And you would have been glad to pay the money. I'm sure there's other people you guys are raising money from that you're paying money to, right? Not yet. I mean, I'm, this has kind of been the only deal I'm working on right now at the moment. And you have other people lined up for this transaction. Is that correct? Yes. Yeah. Okay. And you are going to pay them interest. Yes. Okay. So this is the advantage of having a line of credit or having even something small, $2,000, right? $2,000 line of credit can turn into five grand real quick. Five grand it can turn into 10 grand real quick, right? Yeah. You can get yourself into a powerful position where you can lend $50,000 and go, I don't need any interest on it because I just want to see a deal get done because I have all this other gator lending essentially happening all over the place. Like I have, I'm probably made, I don't know, $40,000, $50,000 a month and just little transactional lending that I'm doing all the time. That's amazing. So anyway, Heather, I know that there's some new developments there and I'm jumping in, which is actually a great point because there's another part to this that I'll jump into in a second. Heather, I'm going to, I'm going to leave you. Okay. But thank you for coming in here. I'm glad you, thank you for coming in here. So my job as a mentor is to do things that other mentors are not willing to do. Things that I really wish somebody did for me when I was starting out. Have you guys ever had a mentor lend $50,000 to you for zero cost just to see you win just so you could turn into a leader and then go and help another hundred people do that? That is what I'm trying to do. This is why I'm on a free zoom with people. I'm trying here. Why would I do a free zoom? Okay. Let's figure out why am I on the free zoom? I'll give you very clear definitive reason why I'm here and what my motivation is. My motivation is my students learn how to become gator lenders and my students go out and lend money transactionally on earnest money, probate situations, whatever it may be. Okay. And they put themselves in a situation to help the free community. If you got anybody that's not a student in here, have you ever been helped by my sub two students and have you done deals with my sub two students? Okay. My job as a leader is to turn other people into leaders. And so right now what I'm trying to do is teach you guys how to do that so that you guys can jump into real estate. Question. Is there any reason you could not be a gator lender if you started out with 2000 bucks. If you had $2,000, could you learn how to be a gator lender and ultimately get to a position where I'm at where I can go lend $212,000 on a deal because my line of credit has grown so much that I can go out and lend on a deal, get two free houses in the process, five percent of that entire portfolio and $10,000 in a chunk of money. How are you doing Agnes? Hi, Pains. If I tell you I'm going to give you free money. Do I give you free money? I'm going to give you like a hot mess. No, you look great. Do if I ever say I'm going to give you free money, do I give you free money? Hell. Oh. Yes, you do. We didn't know we didn't know Agnes is going to come out of the gate just spitting like that. Agnes. So here's what happened. I actually told Agnes. She won some money and my team didn't get it to her for like a couple of weeks. I was like, you know what, throw 20% on top of I paid you interest on that money. You got it today, I think, right? I haven't checked my account, but it's on the way for sure because you did send me that. But you know what? I think it was more my fault because I didn't know where to claim it. And I felt like I wasn't deserving per se because I was already scheduled to do that nightly dial. And I was like, look, I just want to get over my fear. I don't care about the money. And everyone was like, did you get the money? Did you get the money? I said, no, I didn't get the money. I just care about getting over my fear. Yeah. My fear was so paralyzing. It was insane. And now in the sum that you did yesterday and this sum that you're doing today, I have to tell you, these sums are a mind. I honestly, sorry guys, I got to put the me anytime Agnes comes on here. I got to have the beeper on just to be per se. It's wrong. You get the wrong thing if not me. I honestly did not know that you could be lending like that. I kid you not. I have lines of credits and I have credit cards. And my lowest credit card limit is $25,000. I have money in my bank account to fund my own deals that is just sitting there. I didn't know that I could do this. This is a complete mind shift completely. And I said that to you on a message. When I sent you a message, I said, this is a mind shift completely. This is crazy. So it is crazy. Well, let me tell you something even crazier. Agnes, come in and talk to me tomorrow. I'm not going to do Q&A tonight for this because I'm going to keep it really short and sweet because I want to be able to have enough time to give away the $10,000 tonight. Would you guys be if I did two zooms and I didn't give away the $10,000 again? I wouldn't because this is valuable no matter what money or no money. I mean, okay, thank you. Thank you. Okay. So we'll give away the $10,000. Basically, guys, I want you to understand where the money came from. Couple of things. So we, I had a subject to deal that I bought years ago. I refinanced it out. I pulled out nearly $400,000 in equity. I reinvested that money by paying off some private lenders of mine. I paid off. And then I went and funded a couple of my own deals without lenders, which is great. But then I had money left over that I'm like, okay, well, you know, you always want to give away 10%, right? 10% either your church, you know, God, whatever, or you want to give it away and help out people that really need the help. So for me, I care about my community. And we had this thought. Somebody made a comment to me. It was like, hey, are you giving away a car anytime soon? Because in 2021, 2019 and 2018, we gave away five cars per year. But where did those cars come from? Those cars came from us buying houses through probate. One of them I actually was the Gator lender on and I got the car in the transaction. But we get cars all the time. We get them all the time like in garages and stuff like that on houses. We buy Jamil gets them all the time too. And so what we do is we typically just give them away on Instagram. So about a month ago, somebody said, DM me, go, hey, are you going to give away a car? Again, I'm like, man, I haven't given away a car in like five or six months. So I asked who would want a car and it was literally like hundreds and hundreds of DMs for weeks and weeks and weeks. And so we made the decision, hey, I'm going to go split this up. I'm going to take 12 grand for a car, 10,000 for cash, 10,000 for cash. And then I have, I bought a family member a car for 8,000 bucks. So that adds up to the 40,000 bucks. So I'm going to give away $40,000, $20,000 in cars and $20,000 in cash. And that's my essentially my, my tithing for the year or on that specific deal. Okay. So that's where the money came from. Now, Steve Harward from Prime Corporate Services asked to chip in for that $10,000 and I rejected. I was like, no, man, like, let me help you guys out. You guys have helped out a lot of my people. I showed you guys all the lines of credit that they've been helping people get just this month. They helped $550,000 worth of my students get lines of credit. Some of them are three grand, right? So we a lot of 18 year olds getting $3,000 lines of credit. Now guess what I can do? I can go into groups on Facebook. Okay. How many wholesaler groups are on Facebook, guys? How many comments and YouTube's are there that you can go in and say, hey, I can be a transactional lender and cover your costs for your earnest money. How many deals will you be able to get your hands on? Here's a good strategy. Okay. Here's a great strategy. All a title company. Okay. We have a transactional lender that came to our title company like, I don't know, two or three months ago, because I own a title company and they say, hey, I do transactional lending. If any of your wholesalers or real estate agents need earnest money or down payments or any of these types of things or if they need to double close, right? They need to double close. A lot of people in here don't even know what double closing means. But if they need to do double closing, I can do their transactional lending. I'm like, I'm the transactional lender around here. Dude, this is my title company, but it's a very simple deal where you can go into title companies. Guys, how many title companies are there in your state? You ever drive around and go, dude, there's title companies every freaking where? Okay. So check this out. Peyton says, I feel that I feel the fact that PACE is bringing the small details to the forefront of real estate to help everyone just getting into the game to provide the actual zero dollar out of pocket. And get guys, I get so many people that say, how do I start in real estate is being a gator lender for like $2,000 line of credit, not the easiest way to start in real estate. What I know is the majority of the people that are going to take action are my students because they're proven action takers. So my goal is the other people in the side chat who are not action takers are ultimately going to be the people that my students lend the money to. But I'm hopefully connecting you guys together so that you my students can go and start a new business endeavor and be somebody when you so check this out. Everybody that signs up and learns creative finance, you have a superpower that is unbelievable, a superpower. Okay. There's entire students that have built their entire business based on the ability to get a dead deal turned into a good deal through creative finance. So think about this. I go into a Facebook group and my name is pace. Well, let's say it's anybody else. Let's say it's Caleb Christopher, right? I'm Caleb Christopher. I go into a Facebook group. Let's say Ohio wholesalers, whatever the Facebook group is and I go, hey guys, new to the group, my name is Caleb Christopher. I can do three things for you. One, I can help you underwrite or look at your deals. Some of you guys can do that. Some of you can't do that. You, I can help you revive your dead leads. If you're a wholesaler, your real estate agent and three, if one and two are not good for you, three, I can provide transactional lending on earnest money, probate, etc. types of transactions. Hit me up. I have value to bring to you. Has anybody else ever wondered how do I provide value to wholesalers? How do I go to wholesalers and provide value to them? Pretty, freaking simple. Now what you want to do is you want to make sure that you have the proper paperwork. You set yourself up correctly because lines of credit are used for multiple things, right? They're used for construction. They're used for down payments. They're used for whatever payroll a lot of times for people that are starting out. But when you guys are doing transactional lending, you got to make sure you have the proper lending paperwork and that's what I'm going to have. Sean St. Clair draft for everybody. We're not talking about even $50,000 lines of credit. Those are dope, right? Having access to a million dollar line of credit is pretty powerful, right? But we're talking like $2,000, $3,000 that you can pull money off due transactional lending for two or three days at a time and double your money, double your money, double your money. Have there ever been times in your guys' businesses that you wish you had somebody that would have done transactional lending for you, whether it was double closing, whether it was EMD, whether it was the down payment on whatever, oh my gosh, this is such an underserved part of this of this whole entire real estate world. And now I have the answer. I have like figured out the magic pill. Everybody says, how do I get started in real estate with little to no money? Here's the answer. Become a gator lender, go and find things that people are like, I need help with this to make this work. It's freaking genius. It's freaking genius, not just genius, it's freaking genius. Okay? So look right there, like you have somebody right there that says, I'm stuck with EMD right now. Lorene says, I'm stuck with EMD right now. I don't have the EMD. Guys, this satisfies Lorene's problem. This is why I'm doing this live right now so that you guys can connect with each other or become the gator lender.