 So as Kate mentioned, you know, earlier, I am a real estate investor. I've been investing in a real estate over the last 10 years and during that time, I've raised, you know, millions of dollars in private money. And the result of that has been pretty cool. You know, it's provided me with the opportunity to say yes to every amazing deal that, you know, comes across our desks. And it's also allowed me to help thousands of investors all over the country and put them in the position to say yes as well. So the cool thing about private money you guys is it doesn't matter if you're a new experience, if you have credit or not, or if you have any personal assets. Your liquidity is completely irrelevant as it pertains to your ability to have success. So we're going to end all of that this evening in just 30 minutes. I always like to start off with an earnings disclaimer because I feel like it's the right thing to do. And this is just, you know, we're all adults, but I'm just here to let you know that we're going to make money in real estate. We're going to lose money. And I'm just here to share with you what systems have worked for me and what you guys choose to do with that is on you. Also, we are all adults here. You guys can take a picture or a screenshot. This is for educational and informational purposes only. I am not here to give you guys any professional or legal advice, but now that the fun stuff is out of the way, we are going to get straight to the point. We're going to be very clear and concise tonight you guys. So I'm going to take you through what private money is, what it is not, where you guys can find it and how we can actually get our hands on it, how we can start to see these transactions. Come to fruition. Now, these are a lot of common fears and objections that us as real estate investors incur in the beginning, right? The number one thing that stops us from taking action is fear. It's fear of the unknown. It's not knowing whether or not, you know, these systems or processes are going to work. So if any of you have been thinking these things, these are completely normal. You know, maybe you're thinking, I don't have experience. This is never going to work. You know, I got to put my own money into deal first or maybe you've thought, you know, I tried raising private money and it just doesn't work for me. I don't have any, you know, skin in the game. We're constantly being told you got to have skin in the game, skin in the game, right? What's your skin in the game? So all that means is whoever you're talking to is more than likely a hard money lender or a broker, nothing's wrong with that. And they're just not going to give you 100% right? So we're going to talk about why private money is so amazing and how you can get 100% funding plus all of your caring cost when you know how to access private money. And another common fear is I feel bad. You know, like I don't want to ask this person for money. I don't want them to think they're doing me a favor or I don't know anyone with money. Amy, you're saying this is so easy. You know, I don't have any. Amy, you know what's funny is like literally every one of these fears that you're bringing up. I went through all of this stuff every single part of it. And then once you learn how to raise private capital, you forget that you felt that way. And then when people ask you how to raise private capital, I'm like, it's so easy, man. It's so easy. I mean, why doesn't everyone know how to do this? I don't know. It's interesting. It's a lot of his mindset stuff. So I'm glad you're bringing this up. This is awesome. Keep going. Oh, good. There is a lot of mindset. We'll talk about that too. So you know, like I don't have any rich friends or family members. Great. Guess what you guys? I am one of very few investors and educators out there who will tell you you do not need to depend on your friends and family members for money. Now, if you want to awesome, that's great. What I'm going to share with you tonight will work with friends and family members or with complete strangers, including your Uber drivers. I'm going to talk about that in a little bit as well. Or maybe you're thinking, I've got no credit or bad credit. This is never going to work for me. Or I don't have the time. Like, Amy, I get it. I see the power in raising private money. But I got a J.O.B. I have a family. I have kids. Like, how in the world am I supposed to get out there and do this? The good news is none of that matters. You guys, I'm going to show you how to make several mindset shifts tonight. So that the minute you leave your house, 24, 7, you are targeting private money lenders everywhere anywhere that you go. So what is private money? Look, I know we have some expert investors here tonight. And I know we also have some new investors. And here's what I also know. It's the fundamentals of understanding our business. That's vital. It's the fundamentals that make us the best. I will often say, you know, LeBron never stops with the labs or Tom Brady never stops drawing the easy passes. That's what makes us the best. So some of you may know something about raising private money. And what I'm going to do is open up your minds to a whole new perspective to how you can get creative and think outside the box. In ways you've never even thought about before that is going to start pouring money into your business. You are going to have more money coming into your business than you need. And then there are going to be a ton of ways that you can use that to diversify and generate multiple streams of income. So when I talk about private money, here's what I'm not talking about you guys. I'm not talking about banks. And yes, that includes the investor friendly credit unions and community banks. I am not talking about hard money lenders love my hard money lenders. I still work with them. That is not what I'm talking about. And I'm not talking about somebody brokering a deal. I'm talking about your Uber driver, the cashier at the grocery store, your neighbors, people at airports, people on airplanes, everyone here this evening, all 1300 of you are perspective private money lenders. People from your church community sporting events, you name it anyone and everyone who has cash or assets collecting dust or who has a network of people of influence people of success people with entrepreneurial you know pathways. So it's anyone and everyone it does not matter whether they have money or assets themselves. The reason we prefer private money you guys take a screenshot if you would like is because we set the standards. We dictate and we tell them about the opportunity we are offering them no one's coming to us like all the messages we probably get on various social media sites like length and for example saying I'm a private money lender you know click on this link fill out my application. I'm going to lend you money at two points and seven percent that's not what I'm talking about with private money you can get a hundred percent funding let's use a fix and flip for example for the purchase price the renovation and all your caring cost it's a hundred percent funding nothing is negotiated you set the standards. Now look I get it a lot of us on here don't want a wholesale maybe we don't want to flip great here are six other things that we can do as investors when we have access to private money go invest in a commercial syndication there are so many ways we can structure JVs with our private money lenders or not just offer them a return go by rental properties right so many people in this country can maybe afford to buy one rental property a year. Maybe as investors you know our goal is to buy one rental property for example per month why not go by five tomorrow right why not expedite your path to financial freedom your path to retirement by growing your past of income portfolio through private money go generate referral fees you know how many realtor and mortgage brokers out there come to me saying I don't want to be an active investor I have investor clients though. So show me how to raise capital so I can raise money for them and we can do more deals together maybe I'm so glad you brought that up that's such a great point I call that the wedge strategy so I have a business partner I actually is not even a business partner he's he was an acquaintance a guy that's been operating in real estate for a long time comes up to me goes hey man I've got a seventy five acre development in Kansas city and I need to raise some money I go okay no problem the next day one of my investors is like hey pace I know you've got that. This big fun coming up that I got to deploy money now into a deal and I need my hands on the deal and I was like what my my next deals not coming up for like 60 days so I introduced those two people together because I'm trying to constantly provide value to everybody around me so I connect those two people together the person who has the development going receives the money from that private investor and turns around and gives me a chunk of ownership in the seventy five acre development literally no money out of pocket just saying hey pace you've referred people over to me I'm going to bring you on as a partner I'm going to give you some responsibilities I'm going to give you some things to be active in this deal now but you don't guys you don't even have to be the person with the deal like that's the thing that's crazy is you can be the intro the person that's introducing and bringing people together and I call that wedging yourself between two parties I'll probably make two million dollars on that project over the next three years by having no money out of pocket by just learning what Amy is talking about. I love that and why not right you put all of this time and energy and due diligence and to building those relationships right so why not be selective with who you're introducing into your network and yeah there are ways that you can capitalize off that so I think that that's amazing. So referal fees are a great way you guys for you to diversify and generate multiple streams of income go invest in commercial deals retail multi family there is so much that we can do and the eight strategies that you see on the screen are just a handful now when it comes to risk and control a lot of us already know it's pretty obvious right when control goes down our risk goes up this is what's with anything in life right so I vividly remember in two thousand and eight. When my retirement account tanked you know over 50% and I was upset and I was you know going off on my financial advisor and eventually I was like you know what Amy that's your fault this is your problem because you lack control so now as it pertains to raising private money you guys are number one reason why everyone in this country is not acting as a private money lender or leading you to somebody who can lend is because there's simply not education. So I'm not getting it done the process that is it it's our job to get out there and educate them so I love to show my private money lenders for example how we increase control in our real estate business which in return reduces our risk right I'm not guarantee anything but I'm saying hey look I increase control for example due to my strict buying criteria. I'm not going to give it money lender look at my deal analyzer look at every single detailed cost variable going into this deal including my projected profit yes I will show them when I'm potentially going to make no they've never come back and said oh my God what 12% that's all you're offering me like I want more all that's going to do is continue to build their confidence in you your team your process your deal other ways to show them how you increase control can be through various credibility pieces leveraging off your team of experts right so we're showing them because we control more of our business in return the risk to your investment is lower now here's what I'll also say some of you know I'm very direct I'm very black and white I don't daily I'm going to give you the good the bad end the in between I don't guarantee anything we can't guarantee anything so I come straight out and I tell my private money lenders after we've started to build rapport and we've had several coffee talks hey look I can't guarantee you anything worst case scenario you have to be okay never seeing your hundred thousand dollars again but the probability of that happening is not likely for these reasons right now go through all my credibility pieces which I've already done by this point so they get it so think about risk and control and how you can start to highlight how you guys control your business in return and how that will reduce your investments your investors investment