 The first question we're going to answer is why? Why do I need a private money lender? So in the side chat, guys, please make sure you guys are active. We've got 485 people in here. Over time today, it's a long journey. We've got four hours with each other. We're probably going to be somewhere between five and 600 people because everybody shows a play. Everybody shows a play. Isn't that funny? By the way. Isn't that freaking hilarious that you have somebody like me? Yes, I'm going to be a little braggadocious. You have somebody like me that has all the experience I have doing a free Zoom with nothing to sell and people knuckle at heads show up late. You got to freaking love it. You got to love it. Okay. So why? Why do I need a private money lender? Well, let me show you a couple of deals of where I've used private money. And I will break down how I did the deals. Let's pull up a couple of addresses. This one's a great one. 27, 20 North Sterling. I've told this story a whole bunch of times. We'll pull it up in Zillow. This is a great one. Oh my gosh. This is crazy. The house just keeps going up and up and up and value. But check this out. All right. So here's a house. Okay. Look at this house as you guys can see on 1126, 2019. So how long? How long have I owned this property in months? How many how many months have I owned this property guys? Let's do some math here. It's at least 24 months, so 24 probably 20 about 30 months, right? Is that about right? Okay. 30 months I've owned this property. 28 months. Peggy says 28. Cool. So I've owned this thing 28 months. How much money and appreciation have I made on this, by the way? I bought this house for 372, 788. Okay. 372, 788. Let me take that note down real quick. 372, 788. Most of the examples I'm going to give you guys today are creative finance examples because honestly cash deals are boring and if you guys are doing cash deals have fun with that. But I'm doing primarily creative finance stuff. So this is a creative finance deal. I'll break it down for you in just a second. It's now worth $631,000 and I'll tell you it's actually worth more than that, but that's just what my lay mass neighbors houses are averaging right now. Our house is so much better than all their houses and I'll tell you why. Okay. Yeah, I got lay mass neighbors. Okay. So first question I got for you is why is this sold number? I bought it for a very specific amount of money. Why is that sold number so specific? Have you guys ever written a contract for 372,788 dollars? The reason why it is is because I took over the mortgage, right? And that was the exact amount of money the mortgage was owed. So I took over the mortgage in a process called subject to it's my logo. It's the logo on the ground. It's all of those things. Diana, Christian, Samir, Chad and TechChang. You guys all have questions, but I won't be answering any questions for hours just FYI. That is the loan amount. I took over an existing mortgage. I did not have to qualify. Okay. So this is a form of private money. Okay. This seller actually was my private money lender if you really think about it. Okay. The seller didn't have any equity. Okay. The seller did not have any equity at the time in 2019. This is a straight up sub two deal. And I paid the seller basically nothing. I paid the agent $2,500. Okay. And I took over the mortgage. Now let's talk about the deal and I'll tell you why this is so important. Everybody can see my screen. I imagine. Give me a yes. If you don't reply to my questions, I will call you out just FYI. Okay. $372,788. I bought this mortgage sub two. Okay. This is not a creative finance class. Obviously my students are in here. If you are one of my students, please raise your hand. Give people the doose. Give them the peace sign emoji. Let everybody know who you are. Now I took this house over subject to Dave, the seller, was in a situation where he couldn't sell that house. I gave you the address. I'm still the owner. You guys can pull up the verification that I am the owner. I'll show you even the settlement statement. Now what I don't ever talk about is actually how I funded this deal. Because if you think about it, just because I took this house over free, that doesn't mean that the agent didn't get paid. By the way, this answers a question for you guys. A lot of people will do you ever work with agents? Yes, I do. For the most part, most real estate agents I don't like working with because they are real estate agent minded. They're not real estate investor minded. If you are a real estate agent and you are in my lives or watching my YouTube or any of my content, I am not calling you out because you're here trying to learn about investing strategies. Most real estate agents that I call out will never even hear that I call them out because they're not watching content. They're sitting around waiting for a listing or a buyer to show a property to. These are not the agents I'm talking about. There's a very big difference. Now the agent ended up getting paid $2,500 for this deal because I took over a bad situation that agent could not sell this house. So instead of them making $12,000 of their commission, I just paid them a finder's fee of $2,500. Now the seller, he also, the seller, his name is Dave, he was willing to give me the house for free. Okay, and that's a conversation for another day. The seller's willing to give me the house for free, but I actually ended up paying Dave $2,500. And the reason being is because I wanted him to give me a like an unbelievable video testimonial. Dave has become one of my friends. It's also where this logo came from is Dave. And every time I have a sub two party at my house, Dave comes to my house. So this seller is a great guy, great relationship. Now what am I missing here guys? What else am I missing here? I got the agent that needs to get paid. I got the seller that needs to get paid. I took over the mortgage so I don't have to get it. There we go. Ethan's got it. So closing costs. Okay, so I got closing costs in here. And the closing costs ended up being probably about $3,500 because I always pay for title insurance and lender insurance. Take note of that. I always, what does closing cost mean? It means the people who do the paperwork like the escrow officer, they get paid. And then I pay for policies. I pay for insurance policies. Okay, I pay for a title policy to ensure that the escrow officer did their job properly. I also pay for a lender policy to protect my private money lender. Because I'm going to ask you guys are going to this is going to come up later in the in the zoom. Somebody's going to say, how does my private money lender get protected? How are they protected? Well, I just answered a small piece of that right now and I'll get going to depth a little bit later, but the lender gets an insurance policy when I buy the property. I pay for an insurance policies called a lender's policy. Okay. Now, I pay for that. That's that that kind of consists of that $3,500. Everybody understand what the $3,500 closing costs are, right? Now the next thing I paid for is I paid for Renault and furniture. Why did I buy Renault and furniture guys? No and furniture because I turned this into an Airbnb. Okay. Now I've got good crews. I've got good people. I actually only ended up needing about 20, I think it was like 20,000 or some odd dollars. No, I'm sorry, I went for $15,000. Check this out. So I paid $15,000 for all of that. Didn't need a lot. Okay. Now check this out. The $15,000 renovation and furniture plus the $5,000 here, that's 20, that how much money is this? How much money did I need to get this deal done? $23,500. Thank you guys. I appreciate that. It's $23,500. That's what I needed. So how many people in here would want to do a deal and take over somebody's mortgage subject to and pay the seller, pay the agent and own this house and over the course of 28 months, make $300,000 in just equity growth. But how many of you guys that say yes right now actually have $23,500 sitting in your bank account? Anybody? There's some people in here that some people don't. Okay. So at the time and always, my mentality is always OPM, OPM, OPM, OPM. What does OPM stand for everybody? OPM stands for other people's money. And we're going to talk about why, okay, where I'm going to get into why do you need? This is why you need private money lenders. Okay, I'm answering the question right now in a long form. Why do you need private money lenders? Okay. Well at the time, I'm like, I'm just going to go raise. How much money did I raise, guys? Take a guess. How much money did I raise? I raised $30,000. I raised $30,000. Now why did I do that? Well, a couple of things. I obviously have my $23,000 that I need, right? But then I also was like, you know what? I'd like to like pay myself $5,000 for putting this deal together. Literally paid myself $5,000. I took over somebody's house and I paid myself $5,000. Okay. I had about $1,500 left over for the O-CRAPS. Oh my gosh, I don't know what I'm going to do. I've got $1,500 something went wrong and over budget, whatever. We all understand why I raised $30,000. Tell me yes. Okay. Now, what is this property doing for me right now? I raised $30,000. This investor, actually they're not called an investor, guys. There's a difference between an investor and a lender. An investor, you are investing in you. A lender is lending money to you. There's a dramatic difference. Dramatic difference. I'll get into that later. Okay. An investor is more of a partner. A lender is a temporary solution. Okay. And they're more of like, there's an agreement in how they're going to get paid. So I went out and I got a lender, a private money lender. Her name is Sonya. How did I meet Sonya? I met Sonya at a meetup. It's all you the go to meetups and don't actually look for private money lenders. You're just sitting there on your chair like, oh, wait a minute. Guys, don't go to Rias. Don't go to meetups. Don't go to this stuff unless you know how to talk to people about getting private money. Okay. Christina just said the same, the question I asked her, here's the question that I ask when I go to Rias or I go to meetups or even when I speak on stage at this point. Here's the question. There's two questions I ask. I want you guys to write this down because you're going to, some of you knuckleheads are going to say, um, how, what do I say? What do I do? What I would say? Right? It's kind of like talking to a girl for the first time. Like, oh my gosh. What do I say? Right? Okay. Two questions. My students all know the answer. Here they are. Question is, why aren't we doing business together? Right? So let's say I meet somebody for the first time. Right? Let's say Russian Eskimo walk up to Russian Eskimo. He's always in the lives. Good to see you. And I go, hey man, what's your name? Hey, hey, pace. My name is Russian Eskimo. Cool, man. Let me ask you a question. Why are we doing business together? It's going to take people, they're going to be like, wait, oh, what? I mean, obviously we came here to this Rhea to do business. Why, what do we got to do? Okay, this is the second question. I always say, what do we have to do to make money together? That's the second follow up question. So what do we have to do to make money together? It's literally every time you guys, if you guys ever get behind closed doors and you're ever in meetings with me or a lot of you guys that are going to the clever summit here coming up, you will hear me say this so many times. You're like, hey, why are we doing deals together? Why are you selling me a deal? And I just put people right on the spot. Why are we doing deals together? I don't know. Maybe neither one of us have deals. Okay. Are you doing any private money lending? No, I don't have any money. Okay, great. Well, maybe we should go knock doors together. You basically are filtering through and figuring out what to do with every human being. When, here's, let me tell you guys something really. It's a powerful thing for you guys to learn. Okay. And people are telling you who they are and what they do. Most people are really only thinking one thing. What are they thinking? What are they thinking? Right. They're thinking, what can you do for me? That's what everybody wants to know. When you go to a meetup, what can you do for me? Here's the thing, guys. We're not going to church. Okay. We're not going to church. We're not going to like college or high school where there's all this social bullshit that you have to filter through. We are going to a real estate meetup or we're going to a seminar. We're going to these places, okay, that are very specific. People know why they're going there. So when you're asking these questions, everybody, it's okay for everybody to have this thought process of what can you do for me? And then at the same time, what can I do for you? And so that question that I throw out is a very, very, LT just said it. Okay. LT just said it. I saw LT at a meetup two or three weeks ago. I met Sonia in a meetup and I literally was like, why aren't we doing business together? She's like, what? What? She's like, what's your name? Literally, I asked her that question before she even knew my name. And I said, my name is Pace. She's like, okay, cool. I go, why aren't we doing deals together? She's like, I don't know. I'm working on deals and so you just strike up a conversation. Okay. There's three things you're always looking for. You're always looking for money. You're looking for deals or you're looking for people to help you with those deals. Title agent, transaction coordinator, those are the only three things I'm ever really looking for. Right? Money, deals or people to help me with my deals. That's it. Okay. So that's how I met Sonia. So I raised 30 grand. Sonia wired her money. Where did she wire her money? Everybody. Where did that money go? To give you guys something very important for you guys to understand. I don't care who teaches you this. But if you wire money to somebody's personal bank account, that money's gone. Never, ever, ever, ever under any circumstances wire money to somebody's personal bank account.