 Good morning, everyone. I'll just let some people join. I don't know why it's highlighting one person. It makes me. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. Okay. How is everybody doing today? Everything's great. Well, good. We believe that when I tell you another. What was that? I say, if you believe that, I'll tell you another one. How is everybody's new year going? Are you guys all jumping in and working as hard as possible? I've been having a little bit of a hard time getting some of these title companies to continue to work. Everybody wants to stay on vacation, which I understand for sure. But in that weird time between Christmas and new years as always. I can't be the only person who's like, what day is it feels weird? Let me see how many people are here. Keeps that how dare they take time off when they're trying to make money. One title company that I was working with took off at Christmas time. They took off Thursday, Friday, and then they took off Monday and Tuesday. And I was like, oh, my goodness. They got to get things done. So, okay, so I will go ahead and start. This week, I was going to talk about the wrap on cobalt. It's cobalt, cove, court, and Texas City. And let me see really quick. Sorry, guys. I need to make sure you're all muted, please. I don't know how to mute everybody. I thought it was on participants. Okay, I don't know how to do it. I'm going to talk about a wrap. I know there's a ton of people. Who was on Paces wrap zoom on Saturday? Let me know in the chat if you guys. You guys are there. We talked a little bit about that property that we're going to wrap in Texas. The cobalt, cove, court, and Texas City. I'll talk about it this week on this Zoom. We talked about bunnies. Yes, for sure. So that property is going to have the seller in it until January 31st. So we aren't going to start marketing that for a while. So I don't have stuff to talk to you about a wrap on that yet, because we haven't started that. But I'm just going to review a little more closely some of the settlement statement on this, how we did our own settlement statement for our bookkeeper. I'll show you just a little bit more in depth some of the closing documents. We did have a title company. It was Stuart title that did the work on this. And this is an FHA sub two and they gave us title insurance on this property. Of course, we had a pay for it. But so we'll talk about that. And we're just going to try to finish this one up. And then I'll try to answer some of your questions. Okay, so somebody said the link in the gator email does not work. We are having so much trouble with with our zoom lately. If I give you guys the zoom link in the chat, can somebody go post it? Let me see really quick. This isn't gator related today, but some of them will be. But it's just transaction stuff today. So if anybody, if you're a gator here, it's good to hear. Well done. It's good to hear transaction stuff. Anyways, if you're wanting to do that, I, there's the link. If somebody wants to copy it. Oh, somebody said the email stated that this will be a gator feeding training. Mine is my zoom is supposed to be transaction coordinating. We have a transaction that's about the start, that's gator. So I think that next week I'm going to start talking about that. If we can find a title company that's willing to abide by our release, we have both the buyer and the seller signed the release about EMD. So we're looking for a title company to do that. But this one today, I'm still talking about co-op, co-court in Texas City. And I'm just going to run over the end stuff. I might, yeah, somebody said today's zoom 10 a.m. Arizona time transaction help with housing. I might try to get on the phone with the insurance company to let them know that we have some changes that are going to be made on the insurance. But first of all, I'm going to talk about some of the things that we have started doing in transaction coordinating that make our process a little easier. So here, if you were on the, me and Molly's, zooms are pretty similar because they're both about transaction coordinating stuff. So somebody said, my desk is so clean. Oh, you see my stuff over here, though. That's my little junk file that I got to figure out. So some of our, our zooms might be kind of similar because a lot of the stuff is the same thing that you're going to be continuing to do on these transactions. We, so I will share, let me pull it up first. I borrowed this form, most of it Caleb, Christa, I think Caleb came up with this. Actually, I'm just going to show you guys my, my screen while I'm getting into it. So we've done a few transactions with Caleb and I really liked one of his forms. We just added to it. So credit to Caleb, I think he's the person who made this form originally. All right. So this is how I, this is Paces Dropbox and we have these things. But I mean, I created a file for daily docs, things that I used every day as a transaction coordinator. Sorry. So I have this contact sheet. This is a blank one. But I created this and it's super simple. All it is is just a Google sheet. You know, you can make this in three minutes. Just the role, the name of the person, the phone number, email for every transaction. And so I just edit this. I can add. Sometimes we have three real estate agents involved. Sometimes we have three assignors involved. But just to keep it for reference for later, because things will come up where you're like, oh my gosh, I don't, what happened to this document or whatever. Let me see if the T.C. has this, even though I'm the T.C. But like in your, as a situation, it could, you know, it's good to be able to contact these people and then update it later. Update it later. Like if the seller updates their phone number with you, which hopefully they will, it's good to have all of this information just as a reference. So we have that. That's something. Oh wait. Um, nice new, like my, my, my, I don't know who it is. Let me see really. Okay. I hope that that doesn't keep going. So these are documents that I use every day. Contact list is something new that I've recently added in there. That's not the one that Caleb made. Um, I think Caleb made this one. And I just went in and changed it a little bit. Not much. We had, we had a mortgage log-in sheet that we used. And so I just added the mortgage log-in, log-in stuff here. And then, um, you want to have, of course, the lender, the loan number, the website, username, password, security questions is something that we added in there because we always, when we go in and change the mortgage with, with our information, what we do is we log in with their information. It usually will send a, like a code to their phone, the seller's phone. You'll have to get it from them and then so you can get into the mortgage. And then we leave the log-in the same because I feel like that makes them feel like they can still have access. Like it, it makes them, you know, it appeases them a little bit. Um, so we'll go in and change the contact information. As far as like email, um, we want to change the mailing address because everything needs to start coming to us. Um, and then we change the phone number and it's usually Molly's phone number. It's not Paces because Paces doesn't deal with that kind of stuff. It's more, it's more Molly. So we change it to Molly and then we will have, they'll ask for security questions usually and so we'll put that in here. The last four digits of the Social Security number, if you're calling about a mortgage, um, even if you have a power of returning with the mortgage company a lot of times in the, and I'm sure you guys have all done this, called about your own mortgage or something, they'll say, what's the last four digits of the Social Security number on the account? And so that's good to have in there. Um, we want the seller's phone number, forwarding address, wiring information, account, holder information, routing number, account number. Now this is something we added, um, because we always collect the garage codes or lockbox codes if there's a lock on lockbox on it. Um, we need to know where the mailbox is because in some of these newer communities, especially in Arizona is you have like a cluster mailbox. So it's not like you have the traditional mailbox in front of the house. Um, and we also need to ask the agent or the student or whoever's involved, whoever's facilitating the transaction where the key would be. Sometimes we have to re-key it, um, just because they don't leave a mailbox key, which it's about 75 bucks to re-key one. And then we want to know what day trash days are on because if we are going in and cleaning up the property, we need to be able to put the trash out also. Um, so I have that form. And I mean, this is all just like purchase contracts. Um, these are like a mortgage. Um, template, promissory note template, referral agreement. You, we have a utility sheet in here because we want to know the utilities for the company. What happens in Paces businesses? He has an asset manager who's Heidi Silva. I don't think very many of you guys know her yet. Um, she is so amazing. And she'll go in and change all the utilities and everything for these properties that Pace purchases. So that's my daily docs that I have. It's just super easy to be able to, I have my, sorry, I have my notarized docs in here also. It's super easy to be able to just access all of that stuff and then in the same um, place every time and then I don't have to go looking for it. Um, okay, do you guys want to see the settlement statement on this property? So every settlement statement is going to be a little different and they're sometimes hard to read. I recently have been working on a, on transaction. And the settlement statement doesn't have anything line items. It just has like a sum at the top. And then it has, um, and then at the bottom it just kind of says what, how much the seller's getting. And so let me see really quick. So this settlement statement is a little different than that one that I was just referencing. Um, so these are all of the closing documents. Like I said, this one is an FHA and we have Stuart, title and Texas working on this one. And they did provide title insurance to us. I don't know if they didn't realize that they shouldn't have or, but most companies, even, even like Scott Horn and Allison Tipton, they'll facilitate the transaction, but they won't provide you title insurance. Stuart titled it. I don't know if it's a mistake or not. So up here you, this is the summary. Um, or there's the contracted sales price, which that's just, it, we're taking this sub two. So this is the existing, the, um, current mortgage amount on the existing link. And then this is the total settlement charges. And this is actually way higher than we thought it would be. And I'll get to that in just a second. So we have, here's where it says existing loan subject to. And it's interesting. I had, um, it was, it was this one. I had to tell them to put that in there, which I, I thought was kind of weird. We put it on the site and over here. But she, the original settlement statement that this title company came up with was it had the contract price. And then it had all of this just like this, but it didn't have this section. So you have gross amount to the seller, 407. That's the, um, balance on the loan. They didn't have this line. And so she's like, she called me the title, the escrow officer. And she said, Hey, is this seller receiving $400,000 in cash at closing? And I'm like, no, no way. And so I told her, I reminded her that it, that we were taking it subject to. And she said, well, I don't know how to balance this sheet. And I, I thought that was interesting because she had said that she had done sub two before. So anyways, we just told her that it needs to have a line on item on here that it says the existing loan subject to. So it can balance that out. And the seller ends up getting nothing. But we still have to come with $15,936,34 to the table. And I'll show you guys that here. So this is just the summary. And then we have the settlement charges broke down down below. Um, we have settlement or closing fees to, to Stuart title, which is $400, document preparation to Greg and Greg. That's probably an attorney that they, I think that they had the attorney prepare, um, some of the documents. Here's where we paid for the title insurance. Now this is a $400,000 property. And the title insurance, I get that question a lot like how much is title insurance on properties on this particular property for $400,000 the amount for title insurance is $24,54. So, um, actually, I'm full of my chat. I forgot that I'm not looking at the chat or anything. Um, and then we have little fees like this recording fee, e recording Stuart titles only charging us $369, which I feel like that's so like that's crazy, crazy low. Tax certificate fee was of $64,95. The recording fee to record the deed was $34. That's going to be like the county recording fee. And then we get down to here. This is where all the meat meat. Uh oh, and we make sure you're somebody's coffin and it's I can hear it. Make sure everybody's muted, please. Um, property tax. I think you can mute everybody if you're the host. Yes. Do you guys know how to do that? Does somebody know how to do that? Tell me how to do that. I think, uh, if in mute, there's a menu. There's like a little arrow that when you click on it, you'll have a menu pop up. It's maybe audio settings. Um, oh, that doesn't look like it's it. She may be all are just going to participate and look at the people who are unmuted. I think you can actually click on the meat icon if you're hosting. And yeah, we just put the open mic. So I click on participants. Oh, perfect. Thank you guys so much. That worked. Okay. I kept going to the participants because I heard somebody say that last week. And then when I click on the little arrow, this is participants. It only gave me invite or coffee invite link. So you actually have to click on the participants. Okay, perfect. Thank you guys. Um, let me go back to sharing my screen. So then in Texas, Texas you guys is so there's so many. They're so high for taxes. Um, there's everybody used to this. Um, so we have these property taxes for 2,486. These are HOA dues. And stuff like that. I'll talk about that in just a second. The property taxes do 6499. And we had to pay this upfront just because of when we closed. Now when you, um, know somebody asked if it was monthly. No, that's yearly. But look, you have this property tax and this property tax. It's going to be $9,000. Um, escrowed over 12 months. That's insane. In Arizona, um, somebody said they just bought a house in Fort Worth $580 a month in taxes. Arizona, you guys, I have a pretty decent house in Arizona. And my, my taxes are like $1,500 a year total. And, um, and then we also actually have a property in rural rural New Mexico. I was struggling with that word. Um, in New Mexico and our property taxes there. Anybody just take a guess. Rural New Mexico. Take a guess. I love my property taxes are there. I have two acres. Two acres and a house. Somebody said 2,000. Someone said 700, 800. Our property taxes yearly there are $100. $100. And I have a house and two acres of land. And I, it's amazing. One of my friends was like, don't tell anybody that we don't want people moving here. But it's a very small little town. And, um, so it's, it's crazy. So Texas, to me, it's shocker. It's a shocker that people pay this much taxes. Texas is awesome. But I'm like, oh, and somebody told me it's because they don't have income tax. Yep. Um, so they have to make up up, uh, for it somewhere. So what will happen is we paid all of this, um, but these taxes, since she has a mortgage, we, um, and one, two, three, everyone put offers in on pretty in New Mexico. Now, I don't know about like Albuquerque and like, Las Cruces and stuff like that because that's going to be different. But this is like really in the mountains in New Mexico. It's right on the Arizona border. And it's like pine trees. It's super pretty up there. And we just have like a little, um, summer place up there. Um, so what happened with this is we, um, the mortgage has been collecting these taxes, you know, it's escrowed through the mortgage company. So we went to the title company and we said, hey, you know, this is about to be paid because taxes were due, um, December 31st. So these are either going to be paid or, um, or they have been paid and it just hasn't reflected on the, um, county, you know, assessors office that it's been, that it's been paid. So what they're actually doing for us is we paid this $15,936 amount and they're actually going to hold the taxes until it reflects that they've been paid through the mortgage company. And once they see, it's probably going to be like a couple months, somebody asked if it was Albuquerque. It's not Albuquerque. And that's not where I have my property. Um, so they're going to hold these taxes for probably at, at tops, probably a month, but it should reflect pretty soon that those have been paid through the mortgage company or we can also go to the mortgage company and ask, um, for proof that those have been paid and then the, um, title company will release this money to us. Um, now the HOA dues and the capital improvement fees, this is kind of high, I feel like, um, unless the, the community has like a community pool or something like that, um, which I'm not sure when, when paste buys these properties, he doesn't really look into that kind of stuff. But, um, H way, um, somebody said must be near the res. It's not, it's not near the res. Um, it's actually right near the, um, the white mountains in Arizona. I, I mean, I don't know if anybody, it's kind of hard to find on a map. It's called Luna New Mexico and it's, um, right by like Alpine Arizona, Sholo, Pine Top, it's like 45 minutes from Sholo Pine Top, which is the biggest city around it. Um, so it's actually beautiful. So pretty up there. Um, my mom grew up there. She has a place, place there and yeah, somebody said, um, so it's super, it's really, really great area. Okay. Um, so we'll get this, this amount back in just a few weeks and this one too. But the, the H way fees are something you just got to deal with. Like, if you buy in an H way community, that's what you have to pay. Most, most regular, uh, you know, H way companies or H way neighborhoods that are just like basic homes that don't have like a big clubhouse or like a pool or something. Usually they don't have capital improve or capital improvement fees. That's what they're called. But, um, if there's a lot of amenities in a community, they usually every time you sell a property, like we could sell this property in a month and it doesn't matter, you'd still have to pay that big chunk of $3,000, $346. Again, and you have to pay the transfer fee. There's no way around it. They want their money and they'll collect it. So I'm going to go ahead and show you the, uh, I'm just going to go ahead and show you the rest of these documents. This is the closing packet that they sent over afterwards. This is everything that pace and the seller sign. Here's the warranty deed with the vendor's lane. Um, and they will send us all of these originals. Um, once they get the title policy, they, they asked me if it was fine if we wait. And so I had them send me over these copies and then we'll have, um, the original sent to us probably in about a month. So we don't have to set this property up on servicing because there's no note, um, there's no seller carry portion for the seller. So we, we'll just set this up. I actually already set it up on auto pay for the mortgage. And so we don't have to have these documents right away. Like if this was set up on servicing, I would need them to send me these wet signatures of all of these documents right away because um, West Star is who we use, um, for servicing and they require wet signatures before you can set up anything with them. So if that was the case, we would, um, do that right away. But since it's not, since it's not set up on servicing, we just have, um, so we can wait three weeks to a month to get everything all in one package. So these are just the limited power of attorney for the mortgage and the property, property mortgage and insurance. Um, you guys have seen these. I'm sure a lot. I can drop these in the chat. If you want, I went in and made blank copies, but I've dropped them a couple times. Somebody said, please do. Um, okay, I'll do that once we get through these, um, the rest of the documents. So here's a big one. Assignment of insurance proceeds. Very, very important. Um, when I call the insurance company, I will tell them that I have a limited power of attorney to make decisions on behalf of Brooke Morgan. And I will tell them that I have a change request form and authorization to release information, um, that we need to change the policy to a landlord dwelling policy. And that we have this assignment of insurance proceeds that she has signed and notarized. So and then, and then I'll tell them that we also need to be added as an additional primary insured on the property. And she Brooke Morgan also needs to remain. Um, she needs to remain on the insurance also. Okay, so here's the authorization to release for the mortgage. All of these are in my documents to notarize, which I'll drop for you in just a second. And I just do it in one package because we have to have all of these documents every single time. No matter what, no matter what, no matter what kind of transaction it is. So then these are the title companies, um, disclosures. And this is an adendum to closing disclosures. This is a Texas thing. So, um, let me see where there was it that I wanted to. Here's notice to purchasers of real property. These are all really standard real estate, um, real estate documents that they'll have signed with every single transaction. This one is an affiliated business arrangement. This just means that they have to disclose if they have affiliations with other businesses that you might be using. That doesn't apply. It doesn't apply to us. Um, let's see. Title company disclosures, a waiver of inspection. We didn't have an inspection. Um, the receipt of the title commitment, unsurveyed property. Now in Arizona, I'm a realtor. And we don't do surveys very often, but every time, um, every time that we go to purchase a property in Texas, the title company always comes and says, do you want to survey on the property? So, I don't know if it's more like Texas specific or, um, or if maybe Arizona is just one of those states you can get a survey on a property in Arizona, but it's not something that they always ask about, um, at least in my experience. Okay, so let's see. Um, there's flood plain hazard acknowledgement, property tax pro-rations. Um, just talks about taxes, homeowners associations, closing disclaimer, IRS reporting, which the seller is the only one who signed on that one. Um, saying that whatever she makes on this property, she's going to report, eros and errors and emissions and just like attorney representation, privacy consent. And that is it for the closing packet from the title company. Um, let me see. Yeah. Okay. All right. Let's go back. Um, sorry, Alan, do you have a question? Hi, Allison. Yes, just a quick question. Um, and I think it's the same one, a couple of other people had a few minutes ago. Thanks for doing this, by the way. This is very helpful. Yeah. Very interesting. Um, when you showed the HUD and you showed the subject to that was written in or typed in, um, and I think it was 206 and 506 line 206 and 506. Of course, there's also line 203 and 503. Any particular reason why that original, um, line with that language that was already there ahead of time wasn't used and the new one was created down below. Why this wasn't here originally? No, see the language above in 203 on the left and 503, I think on the right. They're already is that language typed in pre typed. Yeah, I don't know. That's where it probably should have gone. I'm sure that that's where it should have gone, but this, it wasn't there at all when the first settlement statement came. So yeah, she just didn't even pay attention to she didn't read through these and that's where it should have gone. But she sent it over and she's like, are you guys bringing $400,000 to the table? I'm like, oh no, you got to, you know, um, that needs to be in there as a subject to existing loan subject to. So you're right, it should have been right there. Yeah, good catch. Yeah, and they teach us to use that as a way to put agents and sellers at ease that this is something more mainstream than, yeah, than, than not because it's already in the standard height anyway. So, um, okay, that's, I think that's the same reason a few other people are asking the same question just to see if it was just a procedural thing. Yeah, but she, when she called me and I was kind of like, uh, definitely not bringing $400,000 to the table. I just told her, you know, it was over the phone. I was driving actually at the time. And so I just said, you know, if it's not in there, which it wasn't, I knew it wasn't. I told her, add the line for it. So I wasn't even looking at this form when I told her to do that. Yeah. Um, so yeah, she just added another, another one, but it does, it doesn't make any difference if that one's in there. But yeah, you're correct. That's where it should have done. Can I think you're right? Pace would definitely agree with you. $400,000 would be a little too high for an Antwee fee. Thanks very much, Alison. I appreciate it very much. Yeah, of course. Um, okay, I'm going to show you guys really quick our own little settlement statement that we created. This is so basic. I hate that it keeps highlighting it. Um, and this is just for our bookkeeper, because what happens with Pace's business is he has a bookkeeper, Tony counts, which isn't that awesome that she's a bookkeeper? And her name is Tony counts. Like, I don't know if that's, I just thought that was funny. So, um, actually, I used to be, well, I still am. I'm one of Pace's private money lenders. And, um, uh, that's how I connected with Pace. And so the first time I lent money on a project, I got this text and it's like, Hey, this is Tony counts. Um, Pace's, um, Pace's bookkeeper, I needed to do that, you know, all this. And there's so much fraud, you guys. I was like, that sounds like it's a joke. Like Tony counts. She's the bookkeeper. So I actually, texted Pace and was like, Hey, this lady's requesting me to wire this money to her as a correct and, and she was like, Pace was like, Yes, definitely. That's my bookkeeper. So we just, um, we don't typically do this for something that closes with an escrow company because there's not really a need to, but we had some additional fees that we needed to break down for her. And this is a good thing. Like, if you are just starting out and you have a couple properties of your, of your own and you have a situation like this, it's a good idea to, um, to do something like this. So you can remember when you go back, maybe you're trying to figure out how much, you know, real cash flow is on your property or whatever. If there's additional things that you've paid outside of escrow, it's a good idea to make a little spreadsheet like this, literally five minutes. You just, I mean, it's so, so easy. Um, and then throw that in your drop box files, so you can have remember it because we're all going to own hundreds of properties someday, right? We're all in this mentorship to be super successful. So you're not going to, once you have 10 properties under your belt or whatever it is, you're going to go, how much did I spend on this property and what we're all, you know, so it's good to be able to reference this. So we have the total settlement charges. That's the 15, 936 that we just saw on the other settlement statement. Referral fee to the agent. This is 1.5% of actually 409. That's what we wrote the contract with him for. Um, because we didn't know the exact mortgage balance. So he got a little bit more than one, one and a half percent, but still that's a, that's a low fee to pay an agent. Um, and he was thrilled to get it. So that's how much we paid him. We had to pay expedited fees because we wanted to close by the end of the year. So typically in HOA will, uh, you know, say you can request these documents, we'll get them to you in 10 days, which were in 2023. That should be like, click on your computer, right? And just send it over, but they, they want their time to do it. So we paid $520 for that. The bill of sale for book Morgan, she actually, for those of you who don't know, um, we did it on a bill of sale because we purchased the refrigerator and the washer and dryer from her. Originally, we were going to do like a midterm rental for this property. And we thought, well, that'll be super convenient. You know, we won't have to buy a refrigerator, we don't have to buy a washer and dryer for these people. It will just be there. And so what we'll do is, um, some of these fees that we paid will try to get that out of, we'll try to recuperate those fees and um, other amounts of money that we paid out on the property, we'll get that back when we wrap it. So that'll be part of the down payment. It'll pay us back for this stuff. So we actually created a bill of sale. I showed you guys that last week. And it's super basic. It just says, washer and dryer that you can see on realtor.com. And, um, we have not paid her anything yet for that. Um, does anybody remember why from last week, why we haven't paid her anything and we won't? Oops, it says that right on my sheet. You guys aren't cheating very well. Yep, she has to move out. She has to vacate by January 31st. So this isn't a seller that we are really worried about. She wasn't behind on her mortgage. She wasn't behind on her H.O.A. She didn't have like, she's not in a stressful situation. She is, um, I think she's moving in with her boyfriend is what Pace said the other day on the Zoom. So she's like 45 minutes away from her boyfriend and she wants out of the property. She just bought the house a couple years ago. She doesn't have, um, a lot of equity to be able to, um, to just sell the property on the market. So, so this isn't our typical distressed seller who doesn't know where they're going to go after they get out of this property. The first transaction I ever did start to finish with, um, for Pace was a property in Maricopa, Arizona. And, um, and this guy still text me you guys. He, he texted me the other day like 930 at night. I'm like, oh, and I responded to him and Molly's like, don't respond to him. You don't have to respond to him at 930 in night. But I feel like obligated to these people sometimes. Um, but the first one was, his name was Cornell and he, um, you know, he was behind. His HOA was behind. He had, um, a memorandum on his property, which was interesting for my first, um, first one. A memorandum was filed on his property and it's from a brokerage and they said that, um, in the memor, memorandum is said that they have a 40-year exclusive right to sell. Now, some of you are agents. An exclusive right to sell is the contract that you write with the seller and it's saying that I'm a realtor. So, and if I have an exclusive right to sell signed with you, that means I am the only person who can sell your property. Never in my life. I have, yep, somebody said, Mb realty. Yes, 40 years. I cannot believe somebody's dealt with them too. They suck. Yes, they do. So 40 years, you guys. So what they do is they target people who are in distress and they say, hey, I'll give you a thousand dollars if you sign this exclusive right to sell with us. They, the sellers need the money, you know, I mean, they don't understand, probably don't understand the document unless they, you know, have have some real estate background. But, um, good. Somebody said they're being sued in multiple states. Yes, we tried to fight with them. We tried to even negotiate it down. Um, but they would not budge. So a 40 year exclusive right me and Molly were both like, what 40 years? That's crazy. So it just means that, you know, if you can sell your property, but if you don't use us as an agent, then you pay a $10,000 fee. And so to them. And so, um, that's what happened with, with this one with, um, Cornell. And so we had, we had a lot of money that we had to pay in a Rears, H, you know, like, H.O.A. fees. We had the memorandum and everything. And so, Cornell was going to get $15,000 years, um, when he moved out of the property. And he asked for a post possession. And we actually helped him get into a rental, also, which I wouldn't recommend unless you are pastes level. And you have a lot of rental properties yourself. Um, what ended up happening is we put him in one of paces rentals, but we had him prepay six months with part of his funds. So part of his funds went to paying the rent for six months because, and it's a six month, six month lease. So he can continue on paying if he wants and he can stay in the property. But we didn't tell him it was paces property. We just told him that we would get him into a property because he was like, I have bad credit now. Like, how am I supposed to get into a rental? How am I supposed to get into an apartment or anything like that? And so we helped him with that, which, um, you know, I don't necessarily recommend. It's kind of hard to do that, but especially I don't recommend it if you don't have rental properties that you could put him in. But it really did give him like a fresh start to be able to move to the area he wanted to. Maricopa is a very southeast valley in the Phoenix area. And he wanted to be up in like, uh, West Phoenix, like Northwest Phoenix. And so that's what we, we helped him get into. Um, but we, Pace gives full service, somebody said, and it's true. Like, Pace is amazing. Um, but with his, with his, um, proceeds, we were going to hold back, I think we're going to hold back most of it, uh, besides the rental, um, the money for the rental. Actually, no, we were going to, we were going to give him half of it, which was $7,500. And so we did give him half of it. And then he would receive the other $7,500 when he moved out. And it's because he was like my car just broke down. I had to buy a new car or I won't be able to move and all of this. So he took this at me, $500 and was able to use that to be able to move and buy a new car and stuff like that. But this guy, we were like, once he's off the hook for paying this house, we don't know if he's going to leave when he's supposed to. So we wrote up a post possession, which, um, is just means that he's going to stay in the house after he sells it to us. And we actually had to write in there that every day after a certain date, whenever he was supposed to move out, that he would be charged $500 a day, which is very steep. Um, it would be taken out of his proceeds. So you can bet your, but he was out of that property when, um, when his time was up because he wanted the rest of his money. So sometimes we did this with Brooke also, but, um, she, we, I think on the post possession, it said we charge $150 a day, which is a lot more reasonable than $500 a day. Um, I showed it to you guys last week, but I'll show it to you really quick again. Um, first let me get this total done. So this is the total that we are going to be out. We are only at $23,000 because we haven't paid Brooke yet. Um, but hypothetically, that's, I mean, that, not hypothetically, that will be what it is. And then we'll get those refunded taxes. So we'll be out a total of $18,000, 105. We'll try to recoup, um, that money when we wrap it. Somebody said post possessions of the new recent part of the addendum. Um, I don't think it is. We just, and when I say post possession in traditional real estate, you really have to write up a post possession. It's very detailed, but, um, what we do is we just write an addendum and I can show you guys the addendum really quickly. It just spells it out really quick. Um, I showed this last week, but I'll show it again, seller to receive $4,500 on a separate real sell with a hold back of $4,500 until the property is vacant. Fired to allow a post possession until January 31st, if needed, any additional days after January 31st, the property is not vacated. It will result in $150 fee to be deducted from the hold back. Sellers needs to maintain the property. This is another really important thing to put in there that's sellers needs to maintain the property in the exact condition that it was, uh, that it was in when close of escrow occurred. And then we had to change the title company. It was, it wasn't correct on the purchase contract. So we put that in the addendum also. But in traditional real estate, you'll have a, an extensive post possession, um, brokers hate post possessions. It's not an ideal situation. You really don't want to let the seller stay in the property. But in some cases, it's necessary. And it's funny. I'd been in real estate for five or six years now. I've had my license. And about three years ago, post possessions were no. That was a no from your broker. Absolutely not. And then we got into this crazy real estate market that all of you guys know about. And either you were part of something when that was going on or or what I'm sure everybody knows. Where houses were selling in one day for $100,000 over asking. And we got in this crazy bidding war situation with every even like a mid listing, you know, something that was updated 10 years ago. And wasn't even great. We would at least in Phoenix. And I know most of the country was like this also. You would have people fighting over these properties that were just, I feel like just average properties, but there was such a shortage. And the interest rate was so low that people were willing to do whatever they could to get into these properties. And so then brokers started having to allow post possessions because I thought I'm mute. I mean, I thought I mute it all. Okay. So somebody said like Black Friday, self-spiting for the TV, honestly. Somebody asked if I was doing private money lending and Pays' community or only for Pays. I actually, I touched on this earlier. Sorry, I'm getting a little distracted. But I have only ever private lent money, privately private money lender to pay sorry I'm getting all, I've only done that for Pays. But I was added to the Gator Facebook group yesterday and I was watching some of these offers like, hey, I need $100,000 and I'll pay you $10,000 in three days. And I'm like, oh my gosh. Maybe I should start doing this. So I'm going to consider doing some Gator lending also with my own funds. If I do that, I mean, there's so much more risk than me lending to Pays, you know, I mean, I know Pays, I work for him. It's super, I'm super comfortable with that. So I'm thinking about doing some Gator lending also, but I don't know if I'll do private money lending for anybody else. Okay, sorry, I got a little distracted. I don't even know what I was saying before. Does anybody know? Um, gee. Um, post, yeah, post possessions. Oh, I was talking about the crazy market before. And then brokers started allowing people to do post possessions because that was a negotiation tool. Like my neighbor next door bought their house. Um, and they allowed the, they allowed their seller to, I don't know what that noise is because I keep muting all and I keep. Um, so they allowed their, their seller to live in their house for six months, why they built another house before they moved in. So six months is a crazy post possession, but we were seeing that, um, a lot in that crazy two years of, of people fighting over properties. Um, you would see, you could see post possessions happening all the time, all the time. If, and as a realtor, you would, I would go to the seller and say, hey, and everybody else was doing this too. And, you know, what does the seller need? And if they were trying to move out of their house because they had another one sold or, or another one bought a lot of times, that's what they needed. That was their pain point. And so you could negotiate with your clients to, to do something like that. And that's how people would win properties. And then, you know, they started raising interest rates and everything flipped a switch within a month or so. Um, it was super crazy how the market just, I mean, I was, this was before I was working for pace and I was really working full time in real estate. I was selling a lot. I was doing TC work a lot. And so I was seeing all of this. And then it's like a faucet was turned off. Like, everybody was just like, what? We're not buying houses anymore. And, um, and now you're seeing people get really creative work trying to do subject to, which is amazing. But also, you know, people trying to offer incentives like here, you can have $20,000 to buy down your rate because we've all been spoiled with this great interest rate for so long. We don't know what to do with a 7% interest rate or whatever it is. Does anybody know what it currently exactly is? I'm kind of out of the loop now that I'm working for pace and we don't deal with interest rates. Is it seven? Oh, it's only six and a half. Okay. I mean, that's not too bad if you can buy it down to like four and a half or something, which is expensive to buy down for sure. But, um, okay. So that was the addendum. I was also going to show you the bill of sale. Super basic bill of sale. I just got this off the internet. And just filled it in refrigerator and a washer and dryer. I showed you guys this last week. Some of this is kind of repeat from last week, but hopefully you're getting something out of it. So, um, all right. Let me see. My goal every week, you guys, because this is literally, I've never, I've never taught people on Zoom before. And so my goal every week is to make it an hour. Oh, somebody asked if there's a link for those ducks. I don't have a link. I can make you a copy of, did you just want, did you want the notary ducks and the, um, oh, let's see. Did you want the notary ducks and, oh, that information sheet, which this is probably on, um, Caleb's. And then it's, this is a word document. So once I give it to you, you can go in and change it. Let me see. Let me actually make it this really quick. Thank you guys. You guys are also sweet saying I'm doing great. Um, somebody told me that if I can you guys see this. Oh, there it goes. Okay. There's the information sheet. And then I'm going to give you the blank notary ducks that I use also. And I went in and, uh, erased all of Paces information. What I do is, um, and you might do this if you guys are doing it for yourself. Go in and pre-fill, um, pace moving forward ventures, pace, pace morbid, you know, this kind of stuff. So, um, oh, somebody said, how do you personally keep track of everything you need to stay on top of? This is something I talked about last week and, and actually, thank you for reminding me. I was actually going to touch on this and I forgot. Um, so first of all, I'm going to show you guys something I do um, that not everybody does, but when you're doing a lot of transactions, I color coat and label all of my emails, which, um, some of these aren't on properties. This one needs a label. So let me put this on real quick. Um, so what you do is, I'm going to do it on a, on a fake one for you guys really quick. This is something that I, I don't know. Maybe this is too, maybe this is too much, but, um, let me see. So I'm sure most of you know this, but when I'm running, like three to 10 files at a time, I label everything and then, so when I'm done with everything, I can go back and I can reference a, an email. All of my emails are in each property. Every time I get, um, anything, anything regarding anything from that property, I label it. So this one is, this one is the recorded agreement for sale from the property Molly was talking about talking about yesterday. And so it's south wind. And so I label it and it's color coded. You go in and change the, the label color. So this is one way that I keep, um, my stuff, uh, organized in my email because I get so many emails, but I was going to do one. And, um, let's see, I'll create one. Just in case you don't know how to create a label, you just create, you put the labels name. I'm just going to say questions. And then you nested under something. I just always nested under me. And then you create the label. It'll come down here and be. Uh, Where is it right there? You do the three little dots and you can color the label. So just whatever you want. And then that is labeled questions, Allison questions. So that's how I keep track of my emails. But, um, As far as like transactions, I showed this again last, um, last week. This is Trello. This is what we use. It's kind of like a sticky board type thing. We, I absolutely love this. So, um, you just create a board. This is our creative funding board. And then I was going to show you just like a test one. Um, Add a list. I want to say test. You add to it. Then you click on the card. Um, enter a title for this card. Okay. So this is the label for the top. See, these are our active transactions over here. We, this is the one we use the most. Our active transactions, but we have resources to do active transactions, student work for student Tc work. Um, short term funding check ins. These are things we don't need to check in every day. Um, but these are ones that we check in every once a while. Like sponsored loans. Right. See, uh, hold on a second, guys. I have no idea how we're unmuting. You all. Oh, that's why. Okay. I got it. Um, I had to check something else. Um, okay. So, so then done and closed, we can go back and get these if we need to. So that would be the top label. You just create a new list. And then then you have a title for the card test card. Then you add the card and then you can go in and click on it. Um, and what I do with my transactions is I'll give the description. Let's say is cobalt port. cobalt code port. Texas city, which I usually will do the address right on the top of the. I'll show you guys. Um, I'll show you in just a minute. But this will be like the assignors name and how much we're going to have to pay like the entry fee. What the exit strategy is on it. Um, anything like that. The agents information and. In the end, I have my contact sheet with all of that information on it. But, um, but right now I want that super accessible. I have. So Molly has access to this Shelley, who is a new TC that's going to be working with us. She's going to be working on transactions for students. If you guys want to hire us to do TC work for you. Um, so, but I want everybody's information in here. So if Molly needs to get a hold of the agent for some reason, she can just click on this and it'll tell. Full screen. Can you guys not see this good? Let me see. How do I. Is that a little better? Um, so I'll say, okay, the assignor is Bob. And the, um, sometimes I'll do. And then I'll say it's 20,000 dollars. Right. And then I'll say the realtor is getting whatever, $5,000. You assign or is getting $5,000. You know, and I'll just break that in and I'll try to give it as full of it as of a description as I can in that description box. And then I save it. Um, and then you can add a checklist. So these are checklists that we've already created. You can create one from. Um, other transactions. Like if you have a really similar transaction, you can use one of that you've already used. But on this, let's say I'm going to do sub two. Where is it that just says the sub to checklist. So that's the one I'm going to do. And then it gives me everything that I've already created. You can go up here and create a template. Where is that I'll make a template. But, um, and then this is a template that we already have. So it has all everything that we need to do on here. This is not supposed to be on the template. But then you can go in and edit or delete actually to edit it. You just need to do. I don't even know what this is talking about. Oh, I would just delete this because. So this will give me everything on my checklist that I need. And then you can just add an item. If you forgot something, say, you know, I want to do the contact sheet, which it should be in here. But I probably did the wrong one contact sheet. And then you add it. And then you can just drag it to wherever you need it in there. And then down here, it's super great. Like, if I reached out to. If I, if I was at the end of this transaction and say I needed to go set up the insurance. And then I'm going to do something I do on every single transaction. And I reached out to the insurance company and I'm waiting for. For them to get back to me. I would say I reached out. To the insurance. And then you love about whatever. And then you save it. And then it reminds you, oh, I reached out. And it, it'll give you a date when you did this. And so then you can go in and be like, because when I'm running a lot of transactions, I do a lot of the things. And I don't. I don't necessarily commit a lot of it to long term memory, you know, like it just gets to be where I'm calling an insurance company for this property. And I called the mortgage company for this company. And then pretty soon on my, my morning meeting with Molly, I'll be like, she'll be like, did you call that mortgage company and I'll be like, I called two mortgage companies yesterday, which one did I do now. And then so So I'm, so then if you make the little note, you can go in and go, oh, yeah, I did reach out to them. And I'm waiting for them to get back to me or whatever, whatever is happening. So this is my crash very quick crash course on trello. Does anybody have any questions on actually trello. I'm not, I don't know like a lot of in depth things. Like you can move this to a different one, a different list. But so let me see. So then once this is done, I could do it. I could move it wherever I want, which is usually done, which, you know, So that is my little crash course on trello. But this is what keeps us organized right now. Now, in maybe in the future, we might do something different, but this is just, I don't know, it's simple. It's easy. It's, um, it's easy because lots of people can have access to it. You can see all of these people have access to it. You can share with different people. And like if you have somebody who you're working with directly and you always use them say like your, um, your TC. If you have a higher TC, you could share it with them and then they can see what's going on in your business and. So me and Molly go through all of this every day. This one especially. And we go, okay, well, what needs to be done on this, what needs to be done on that. Um, and then it's, it's, it's a great resource. That's how I stay organized is my, um, my labels on my email and, and then let me actually, I'm going to share again and show you on the emails. Somebody the other day was like, oh, I gosh, I can't believe you have all those labels on the emails. So say I needed a document from, um, from the Amy brick court property. I would just pull, I would click on that and then you can go up here. You can search Amy broke and stuff. It's just this is so easy. You know, and then I would feel like settlement statement or whatever it is that I'm looking for. So that's my plug on organizing your email. Um, okay, Rose Martin. I hope I can answer your question. Go ahead. I just want to know where you would find the files. Um, like I knew to this. So I just didn't know I saw you were. No, just the Gator program. So I didn't know if there was information in the Gator program where. I just wanted to know, I just wanted to know what the Gators tell us on the side. I just joined the gator Facebook group. So I don't know for sure. Um, you guys, do you do the Gators have access to all of those documents? Okay. Only sub two students have like the sub two contracts and stuff like that. Okay. I mean, I am, you know, I can share with you my, like, those basic documents. But I, if, if Gators don't have access to the sub two library, I can't get you guys stuff like that. I don't want to get fired. Yeah, no, no. I just get, no, there was something that was shared. I haven't, I'm new. I haven't even really looked at the videos or anything right now. Yeah. I'm also in a different program. So I wanted to finish that one before I did anything else, but I did. Pace did talk a lot. I'm with Tarak, Oh, Lucifer. So Tarak always has him on if all of his Zoom calls. So, but I have read, I had signed up for the Gator. I just don't know what that all entails. So, I guess I, I'll have to start like the videos and stuff. At first, I wasn't getting any emails at all. Then all of a sudden, I kept contacting them like, like, okay, I paid, but like I haven't got anything. So now I'm getting emails. So, yeah, I guess. Go through those trainings and those videos and, um, I'm just going to ask a lot of the knowledge in there. I, now that I'm considering doing some Gator lending, I'm like, maybe I should watch some of this stuff. Yeah, yeah, I think I will. Okay. So, sorry, I know more. Yeah. That's fine. Thank you. I'm going to try to join the Facebook page too. Yeah. That's on the Gator. Yeah, absolutely. Um, I did it yesterday and it just has a couple of questions like when you join so they can reference like, you know, they can verify the two joined and everything. So super easy. It's called Gator. Um, you guys help me out. What, what was the Gator Facebook page called? Um, Gators something with Facebook. It should, it should pop up. Gator method with the case. Oh, and pop up right away on Facebook. And you shouldn't be able to get verified rather quickly. Thank you. Okay, great. Thank you. Thanks. Okay, let's see. Um, might, do you have a question that you think I might be able to answer? Why is that not? Mike, are you there? Let's go. Oh, my gosh, you guys, I froze. I think. No, I didn't. Okay. Sorry, I'm a little panicky. I saw Shelley. Shelley works with me. Um, my, uh, I'm not going to answer. I'm not going to answer. I'm not going to answer. My computer has been like, my internet's been going in and out. Okay, I don't know where Mike's at. So let me see Cindy. Do you have a question? Hi. Thanks for this today, by the way, because I did miss last, um, the last one. So, um, I just got put on a team of other sub two students. I mean, they're very experienced. And they want me to serve as their new TC. And I am. I'm just a beginner. It's a very high level. I'm not going to do a live live. Yeah. And, um, I've been going through the vault, of course, watching. As many of those as I can. I mean, obviously, there are like three hours long, but I'm trying to get through all of those. And, um, I'm not available Saturday mornings when they do the live thing, because I've had a standing appointment. I can't get out of quite some time. But my question is. Yeah. Thank you. Well, are you willing to maybe come on or allow me to watch what you do for one transaction, even though I know it would probably over the course of like a month because I mean from start to close of escrow, it's usually 30 days, right? What we're all shooting for. I don't know if there's anybody with that time because most people that I've been referred to have been like, you know, they're being referred to by everybody. It's like the same for people. So I understand there really don't have time. But yeah, I would really like someone experienced that I can watch before I try to do this with absolutely no experience. And everyone just keeps referring all of us to videos, but I know. You know, Ashley Mason, when she first started, she reached out to me and Molly and said, hey, can I like go through a transaction? My problem with that is it's so like a piece here, a piece there. It's super hard to connect with somebody every time you're trying to do a little bit of a transaction. And if you are connected with, you know, a lot of really seasoned sub two students, you might just want to, you know, just tell them, I don't know how to do this. What's my first step? What am I supposed to do? You know, because, and I can tell you, the first step, watch our my Zoom from last week because I really did kind of start like, hey, the first thing you have to do is you have to find a title company that is sub two friendly. You have to email them. I went through a couple of them, Scott Horn. It was for this transaction, Scott Horn and Allison Tipton, both of them were too busy to get us closed by the end of the year. So I had to reach out to somebody else. You need to, that's the absolute, once, once you have a contract that's under contract, everything's fully executed and signed, that's your first step is to find a title company that you can use that understands that you really need to, a lot of people, somebody said I learned by doing not watching and it's so true. You'll go meet your first transaction, everybody does. Like I'm trying to, um, Shelley is on this Zoom right now and I'm trying to, to train her and I'm, I'm really never trained anybody you guys before because I've always ran my own businesses and stuff like that. So I'm trying to train, Shelley to do this and she's been watching all of the Zoom's and everything but really when it comes together is when you start doing it and that's probably why they're like, hey, we gotta just start doing this, you know, but if you don't know the steps, watch the Zoom from last week, I think it's like an hour and a half and it's pretty like straight forward. I'm not as, um, like, I don't tell as many stories as paste, which I love being, he teaches amazingly, like he's the best, but mine's a little more straightforward on that process. I kind of was like, okay, the first thing we need to do is reach out to a title company and then we need to make sure that they know, you know, this is the transaction we're doing. This is exactly what we're doing. Get a verification from them through email that they know what you're doing and then you move on to like, we need a title report immediately, um, ordered and so I kind of break it down. It's not as in depth, but you really just are probably going to have to just start taking the steps and you need to just link arms with one of those other students and say, hey, can you oversee what I'm doing to make sure just CCM on every email, you know, um, it really is, taking action is the best way to learn, but I understand your hesitation because it's an important transaction and it's hard to just be like, okay, I'm going to do this and I don't even know what I'm doing, you know, but if you find somebody within your group that you're a little more comfortable with, um, that you can be like, hey, did I do this writer or I actually don't know what the next step is. What do you think the next step is, you know, and they know you haven't done it before and they should be able to kind of guide you a little bit. These are definitely some closers that are just like, they want to do their job, they want to close, they want to, you know, I mean, they will help me, but I would sure like to have an actual TC like, but anyway, I'm noticing some texts, my phone numbers on here, those of you that are like, let's touch face please text me right now, like, I'm going to go back and ask you know, that's what I was going to say too is try to reach out to the community of the other transaction coordinators and they might let you shadow a transaction or have you just do some of the work on it, you know, but um, somebody said you can pay Caleb to show you, I don't know if Caleb, yeah, I'm already paying for the course, I can't afford Caleb, I would love that, but yeah, thank you, been there, I tried, but you know, if he's busy, arm is like a TC who needs some help and you're like, hey, I'll do a couple transactions with you for free, I would love to understand, is do you actually want to be a TC or are you just filling that role because they need it? No, no, I would like to do that as something as a base pay while I'm learning how to do bigger things. I can tell you one thing, that's what I did with um, traditional real estate, I was an eight, I was a newer agent and I, I was working for somebody who would give me leads, but they took 50% of my profit, which is a lot, you know, but they gave me a warm lead and then I would go and sell, you know, and I would make my 50%, which is better than nothing and, you know, and most of the time it was between seven and $10,000 that I was making on a transaction anyway, so it was a great opportunity, but then I said, you know what, I want to be really, really good at this, so I'm going to be a TC who knows how to do that ins and outs, honestly, TC's are, they typically know a lot compared to like the closer who's like, hey, I hired a TC to do this, um, and you know, they know how to get deals closed, that's why we all have roles, everybody's good at different things, right? And, but I can tell you I turned into a, a, a, a really good real estate agent because I was doing 12 deals a month as a TC, but it's just like I was an agent, you know, and so I got really good and, and I did my own deals on top of that, so, um, as the agent instead of the TC and so I was like, oh, I know what, I know everything, basically, you know, not everything, but I knew a lot and I really, really learned, so it's a wonderful way to learn becoming a TC will teach you so much about the whole thing and pretty soon, this whole, uh, the whole transaction will come together and you'll be like, oh my gosh, this all just makes sense and I don't have to ask somebody what to do and I like, I just know it's just instinct, so it's a great, great way to, um, to learn the business and then if you don't want to be a TC, if you decide that you want to go out and do your own TC and you want to try to get all your own properties and do it, that, I mean, you're going to be really, really educated, but you can make a killing being a TC, like TC's aren't cheap, you know, because, uh, there's a lot of work that goes involved, that's involved and so, uh, so you can make a really decent living, I was making a great living just in a traditional real estate transaction coordinator, um, and you get paid way more to be a creative one, I can tell you. I'm sure, well thank you very much, I really appreciate it, is that one from last week that you keep referring me to in the vault already or where can I find that? It should be, it should be in, and um, I think that was my first one by myself, I think. Okay, I'll go check it out. Yeah, somebody said how much more do you get paid as a, um, as a creative TC instead of a traditional TC? I was only making $400 per deal on a traditional real estate transaction, so that is, and a creative TC, um, you know, most things start at about $1,000, and up, if you're doing a more B-method, it's like $2,500, or, you know, more B-methods are extremely expensive, somebody said Caleb charges like $2,500, those are for the more complex things, straightforward, straight sub two is probably around $1,000, so, um, and a traditional real estate transaction coordinator is literally 30 to 45 days you're working, so it really is, um, now, I'm not writing notes, and I'm not writing deeds of trust as a traditional TC, but in creative, so there is a lot more things that you do that are a little unconventional, like you, you know, with a real estate, with traditional real estate, it's like you have to check every single box, and it's not a lot of thought goes into it, it's not a lot of like, how am I going to figure this out? It's like you have to get all of these documents signed and uploaded, and the Department of Real Estate has to be able to review these things, it's super black and white with traditional real estate, now you get more money with creative transactions because there's so many variables, and there's so many, every transaction is different, so it really is, it's harder for sure, but you do get paid more. Mike, do you have a question? I was going to comment for your previous speaker, I've done, probably, I'm probably one of the more active gators, so I've done my own TC work, I went through all the training, but when I first started back in March, none of that training was there, we had to just dive in and figure it out, so we had the overall documentation, we had a few people that once Caleb started his classes, we figured out a way to make it work, but I love contracts, I read contracts all day long, in different states, I like the state contracts, I have my own, I use spaces, but I just want to point out, TC is not for everybody, I don't, I love contracts, and I do not ever want to be a TC for anybody else, I don't even like to be my own TC anymore, ever since my first handful of deals, I have reached out to other people to do the TC work, I'm currently working with a couple of sub two partners creating our own TC company, and that's just the way we're going, because we have some people who gravitate towards that, and that's awesome, absolutely, and that's keeping it more in-house, but until we're ready to go full-time with that, I have no problem paying the TC weight in gold, if I need a transaction done, because the amount that I'm paying, saving me all that follow-up, all that time, and I, I affectionately really call it nagging, but I don't want to nag other people, and I don't want to be nagged, so I give all my information, and then let them nag the other people to get all their, you know, other T's cross and I's dotted, that's short, but... A TC is not for everybody, not everybody's going to be good at it, just like not everybody's going to be able to close, you know, a difficult seller, and stuff like that, so everybody has strengths and weaknesses, and that's part of like the avatar thing, right? Like, figure out what you are good at, and what what you naturally are, you know, like, I feel like a lot of TC's are women, because women tend to be a little more detail-oriented and stuff like that, but Caleb, obviously, is a man, and he's really great at it too, so it's interesting, but I absolutely agree with you, jumping in and getting it done, which is terrifying, actually. I mean, doing anything that you don't know how to do, especially in, in this field where, you know, you could screw something up, and it could be a big deal, but if you, I mean, what does pace all this say? Like, you got to cause some, some chaos or something like that, and that's how you really, really learn is jumping in and doing it, whether it's easy or not, so that's awesome. And I'll tell people, if you're afraid to jump in, you can shout out to a point, and, but most people learn by doing, but don't, don't focus on, oh, I've got to watch this happen, I've got to do this process, I've got to shout out, find the deal, bring it to another TC, give up the entire fee, don't don't you say, hey, can I watch you, can I shout out, like nobody's going to mentor you if you're not bringing some value to them, and vice versa. Absolutely. So find the deal, I tell people all the time, I pay finders fees, I have TC's that bring me deals, I have wholesalers that bring me deals, I have gators and non-gators, but I can only help so many people, there's like, I have a couple hundred people on a list that want my help, mostly with a gator shot of things, but, you know, it's because of my relationships with different TC's that I can say, oh, hey, are you available, this is my timeline, and they say yes or no, and then we just jump right in. People spend too much time like worrying about, okay, what do I, what do I, I think pace explain it one time, it's like you're going up a flight of stairs, you can't worry about step 17, you still got to make steps one, two, and three, like focus on focus on your feet and a step in front of you and not like so far down in the process that it's not even an issue, half the time deals don't even close, they get killed for various reasons, so don't worry too much about, you know, making a mistake on step 17 when you haven't even done steps one, two, and three. Yeah, for sure, and there's so much information in the vault, like new students joining, I mean, fire hosts, drinking from the fire exactly, and there's so much, and I feel like a lot of students and just people in general go, oh no, I don't know every single thing, you know, so I can't start yet, I still need to be learning, I need to learn more, I need to learn more, but really when you learn the quickest and the most efficient is when you're doing it, and so I feel like when people join sub two, get those, you know, the beginning, get your understanding of the process or what you're actually going to be doing, and then squat up with people, right, that's what pace says, find people, start working, see how you can add value to successful students, and then just jump in, it's so hard to do that though, you don't, all of us, nobody wants to screw anything up, right, we don't want to, we don't want to be the one, I am six feet tall, you guys, and I did not play basketball in high school, which I should have, so I was definitely the tallest girl, but I was afraid of letting people down, that's like my personality type is, I don't want to be the one who screws up the final shot of the basketball game, you know, but then I missed out on having fun with my friends playing basketball, you know, and so you just have to, things are going to happen, things are going to be messed up a little bit, sometimes, somebody said, I also don't need any short man, my husband is six nine, so I found the one guy that I could wear heels with, but yeah, definitely taking, just going, jumping in and being like, you know what, mistakes are going to be made, but this is how we got to do it, we got to get, you got to get some, you got to do some stuff, you got to get in there and do it to learn the most, so okay, thank you, Mike, let me see Tristan, do you have a question, you guys, I think I'm getting a sore throat, I'm not used to talking this much, how you can you read? Yeah, go ahead. Hey, how's it going? Good, how are you? Good, I'm a newer student, I've been in there probably like five months, but recently I've been working on trying to find on-market deals, so 90 plus days on-market, so I'm in pitching creative terms, and I have this one, it's in Cape Coral, and we send him the offer on his duplex, it's a morbid method, and we already discussed the performance clause and everything, and his attorney came back and said, a preside deed doesn't fly in Florida, or something like that, so I mean, I, there's been a lot of zooms, but I work a lot, you know, I work at restaurants, so I'm not always in here, but I just wanted to see if that's not familiar, or I don't know, I know, and I know what. I actually have not done a morbid method yet, we haven't had, me and Molly haven't had the opportunity to do one of those yet, but I do know that, you know, lawyers will come back and block it all kinds of things, you know, they usually don't like our contract, they want to change it, and so what was it that they said was, was that the performance deed? Oh, the performance. They don't want you to, like a performance deed, favors the seller, so why wouldn't they want you to do a performance deed? Right, and that's what something that we pull up the text, my seller sent me. You could tell them that the attorney could hold it. Right, yeah, we were, we were first discussing it as normal, and then, you know, getting through negotiations with him, he was like, this is like my nest egg, you know, I'm going to Tennessee to retire, so like, you know, whatever happens with this duplex is like, my life, and I was like, yeah, like then we'll, we'll make sure that we include the performance clause, explain that to him, and I was like, listen, if we mess up on either a first position note or, you know, we fail to pay you out of the time, the balloon, if it does a praise, because we also have that contingency, then we were like, this is what happens, and it's all set up, and we can have your attorney hold it, or I mean, ideally the service and company would hold it as a non-biased third party, but yeah, for sure, that's what you would like to hold it. Right, that's what we're trying, but I mean, we're going to see what, when we get there, because he said he showed it to his attorney, who he's worked with for a while, he's also been an agent for a very long time, there's a lot of business with this guy, and he was like, you know, he said, pre-signed deeds don't fly in Florida or something, and it's funny because I've also talked to another student, and I'm forgetting the gentleman's name, very, very educated, very sharp guy, we talked for a little while, and I kind of brised over the fact that that was one of the strategies I used, so like, you know, bring up, but the performance deed just came up, and he told me the same thing, you know, he was like, oh yeah, that talked to so many attorneys, and that's just the performance deed doesn't work in Florida, you can't, you know, it's too shaky here, and I don't know. We have one, we just had signed two months ago in Florida, that had a performance deed, and I mean, ultimately, that's good for you, if you don't have a performance deed, you know, I mean, I'm not against performance deeds, because you know, whatever, but I mean, if the seller's attorney is telling him not to have a pre-signed performance deed, it's him who, I don't know, it's him who would have to sign off on it, so I mean, you could just hair one and not have it signed, you know. Yeah, I mean, I don't really know. I just thought I'd throw it up there because there's a lot of students in here, and I'm newer guy, so I just, I know everybody has so much experience and education, if anybody knows where is it, I'm getting countered this, you know, him you up, but yeah, I don't know, so an idea that we did have that came from one of the attorneys on my seller side was to make as long as my, my Kyle for his LSD is another student, and him and I are working on these, and when he, I don't know when he set up his LLC, if he did it, to where he can have other managing, managing members, but we can make the seller a managing member with the only power as to being, you know, if we, you know, like, taking care of that, if we don't perform, right? And then like it, key kind of, it's removed from the managing members of the LLC, once the note is satisfied. So he has a third year goal. Yeah, that is an option a lot with Morby methods. If you can't secure the sellers, interest in the property there, note, or whatever, sometimes when you get it, when you do a Morby method and you have that loan, they won't let you record a second position, lien on the property to secure the seller carry portion. So a lot of times you will set it up with an LLC where they can be a partner. And so that might be an option, but it's interesting that they wouldn't want the pre-signed performance deed. I mean, I, yeah, it was more the attorney because the seller and I are like, okay, well, we need this to be a thing, you know what I mean? Because I need the production new legal deal and I'm like, I want to see a deal happen. So him and I are like on the same team, like trying to figure this out. And it's the attorney that's like the opposite goal telling us like, I'm an attorney, this won't work. And you know, a lot of times it's, it's just what happens in these transactions. People get their attorney involved and then things start getting screwed up. And a lot of times, the attorney isn't, correct, no, I'm not saying in this case. Maybe that is a Florida thing, even though we had a seller and we did it. And they had an attorney, but that attorney, she was terrible. That was helping the seller. But I mean, this, this lady wouldn't let us set up servicing. The attorney was like, I don't want, I don't want it to be set up on servicing. I'm like, that just make sure that she gets her payment. What are you talking about? Anyways, that, that attorney was not, she didn't know what she was talking about. But you know, maybe just talk to the seller and say, hey, we can do this and hold it with this, with the servicing company. I know your attorney doesn't love that, but if it's something that you really would feel more comfortable doing, we could just have this, the servicing company hold it. But I mean, honestly, I don't know. I haven't gone in, you know, we haven't had performance deed executed like that, a pre-signed one. So I don't know, maybe it would get kicked back from, you know, wouldn't be able to be executed. Maybe it is a Florida thing. So I would reach out to the sub two community just on the Facebook group and say, hey, has anybody had an issue with a performance deed being executed, a pre-signed performance deed executed in Florida and see if anybody has any experience with that? Yeah, that's the next course of action too, for sure. I'm going to reach out to, I mean, there's a few things I'm working on that I need to network with people and so I'll just, I'll throw it up there every time we talk to somebody and I mean, if anybody, yeah, if anybody has any suggestions of who I should talk to, you know, should be a message, I'll shoot my number in the chat so anybody can text or call me. Yeah, and good for you, you have a full-time job and you're, you're still doing this and you've only been at five months? Yeah, it's not crazy. I mean, I got my license like a year and a half ago or so and then I worked a day job at the breakers in South Florida so it's like a, it's like a resort and I was able to take a place there and I was working pretty much nine to five or eleven to seven so I really wasn't on the phone, I wasn't making anything happen and then just recently five months ago or so I left there and then I have been working nights at another restaurant more close to me and it just worked there for to close or whatever, probably four or five days a week when I reckon find enough shifts and then yeah, and then during the day I just, you know, hammer away at calls some days, I wake up late, some days I have something going on but I try to be really consistent an hour to six hours a day whenever I can and yeah, I've been sticking with this, you know, and I'm trying a wholesale one of these more B-methids and then kind of get the proof of concept and then I want to start, you know, using that, those proceeds from one of those wholesale's to kind of help, you know, supercharged this a little bit because calling on market is fun and all but I kind of want to build a pipeline of some more creative deals like sub two and higher grids and one out because those are deals I can take them and I can't take down a B-meth or I don't have the cash reserves to even consider it so. Yeah, for sure so. I am super impressed with you. Thank you for sharing and I hope that somebody can help you in the sub two community. I'm sorry that I wasn't able to that's fine. I'll let you know if I do find anything out and then we can both be in the know. All right well good luck. All right thank you so much. Appreciate it. Of course. Okay, LRA, do you have a question? Hi sorry I'm driving so I don't have my camera on. So my question was somewhat similar to I didn't catch the name of the person who was just speaking but I actually am working on a hybrid deal in Florida and I recently found out that I guess you can't hold the quick claim deed in escrow like it's not valid out here so I was wondering you know what people in Florida were doing for hybrid deals in terms of the quick claim deed and the performance the performance deed because the agent who I was talking to was like you know I've been doing this for 19 years and I've never heard of this can you send me the paperwork that you put in place to make sure that they don't have to deal with any kind of foreclosures or anything so that's how I went down this rabbit hole. Yeah I don't know we need to I don't have any knowledge of of all of that in Florida about things being executed we did just have one pre-signed will not a quick claim deed it was a performance deed but yeah I don't know maybe reach out to the sub two community and see if they can if somebody's had any experience with that that also might be a question for pace on a Q&A maybe he's dealt with something like that in Florida I know he does buy a lot in Florida so. God I'll do that and then if anybody needs any help with any cheap stuff I'm more than happy to help I'm also looking to learn but paperwork is most definitely my thing so if anyone you know wants someone needs a make sure help just let me know yeah thank you of course okay let's see Christian Christian Hernandez. Hello. Hi. Hi so this is the issue that I'm having. I'm about this guy's going to propose here right and he has a lean he has a UCC lean for a filter system okay so that company went out of business in 2017 they set up a different company to service their lean their own that company also went out of business in 2019 and I cannot find who the service service is this this this lean they use the feeling so now I'm having trouble closing it because I can't get a pay off so I'm trying to. And you're not going through a title company. I am. Oh you are. They can't find it yeah they can't find out they can't find the depression everything they use to see a lean and you can't just take it subject to that lean I mean it would still be a long time. It's a whole it's a whole set of transactions so it's a cast transaction. Yeah. Man if the title company can't figure it out you might have to like I mean I think that there's some way to like dispute something if if there's no company to pay I feel like you should be able to dispute that with the title company I don't know if that's a thing does anybody else know I think it is like you know you'll see people that have a similar name like somebody that has a super common name with like John Smith and something will be on their be recorded on a deed as a set as a lean or something and then the title company can go into dispute that if there's nobody to pay I would ask the title company if there's a way to to dispute that and get that removed because if there's no one to pay how. You know what they told me and what I was trying to do but I heard other people do is get a bond to secure it you know basically pay a bond and then have that bond against that lean and if somebody ever said hey anything on money. I know they had worked in California for the Geosis Texas and this this S. Growlvis I feel like part of it is this S. Growlvis does no no too much but they told me I can't do that. Oh really how much is the lean. It's like 45. 45. Yeah because that's that's the problem if you're wholesaling the property if you were you know doing like a buy and hold yourself and just wanted to to do a rental property then I would say just close it and you know that's going to be on there you could address it at a later date. They told me but I guess you gave me that I haven't taken I haven't thought about taking the subject to yeah because it's because you know what I feel kind of like pretty normal but that might be not true. Yeah I mean uh ultimately you can take you can take on a property subject to all of the lanes like you don't necessarily have to pay off all of the all of the lanes you can but when you go to sell a property those lanes are going to have to be paid off you know. This is what they told me they told me that if somebody bought a car now not only you're saying subject to or not you can subject to you're right but the best time of all the same lines that they have told me they're like hey what if you buy a pass and you're not going to pay it off but whatever it is about in the past when the weather is a bind it is responsible for the main case. Yeah. And really you would probably just have to market it that way you know that there's this lane on there that you you can't get I mean you just have to be up front with whoever's the end buyer you know at least it's not like a hundred thousand you know. Well this is the thing with the lane right we don't know how much it's accumulating right. I'm not hearing you are you saying like there could be like interest or something on it? Yeah there's definitely going to be interest. Oh yeah so it's there's no number yeah. So you won't know exactly. We won't know how much how much they're really taking on right like it could say four four five hundred but you know it could be accumulating it could be thirty thousand. But but ultimately how how can a company hold you to all of that interest if they drop off the face of the earth? I feel like you're right you're right you know like you're no longer in business there's no way I can't get a hold of you anyway how can you continue to add interest to something that I'm not able to pay off. So I think that like I mean I would hate to to you know have to take it to like a small claims court but if they came back to you and and said you owe this and it's fifty thousand dollars now because it's been ten years of accrued interest you know like you could go to like a small claims court and be like there was literally no way to get a hold of these people. They two companies went out of business and there was you know I mean somebody said how would they even keep track of it? I mean honestly somebody said position the court to invalidate the judgment that might be something I mean but if you're wholesaling the deal how long will that take you know I mean. There's a thing and these people are going to look for closure so their their auction is probably like February 7th so I got about a month to figure this out. Yeah it's interesting that the title company doesn't have some sort of solution that you know I mean so that's so interesting so many so many things come up that I mean I don't know I'm sorry I couldn't help you. Okay just gonna put my information down there if anybody has any idea of dealt with this in Texas knows the right because a lot of times it's about having the right escrow office you know maybe I have to switch to escrow office if you guys have any resources please reach out I'm just gonna leave my phone the chat okay. Yeah and also real quick one other thing is if you if you get a few other title companies if people give you a few other title companies to contact you know before you switch just call them and tell them the situation and say hey do you have any remedies for this and if you do then I'll switch my contract over to you and you know we can get this closed because there's think about how many title companies don't do subject subject to transactions yeah there's got to be somebody out there who has gotten creative and figured out ways to deal with stuff like this and and I'm really surprised that they don't have any sort of solution you know something has there always has to be some solution right. That's what I asked them because I asked them okay we can't do the bond what can your underwriting underwriters come up with for us to be able to move forward but yeah they're happy they told me so all right well good luck if you're in the zoom next week give us an update if you can see what's happening all right thanks thank you. Lucia Lucia how do you say it Lucia? Oh it's Lucia. Oh hi Lucia. How are you? Good how are you? All right I had a quick question about which contract to use so I work for another sub two students that are investors so I'm new to the TC training I just started it not too long ago and I'm just trying to find out we have a sub two deal that is going to be wrapped to an enbuyer and I'm just trying to double check which contracts to use because they haven't signed the contract yet so is it like the regular purchase contract that's not exclusive to sub two students because the original person we're getting it from is not a sub two student but the rab buyer is so we can use the rab. We use the sub two contract on on everything whether they're a sub two student or not did I miss a new student? No no I just why thought we were only allowed to use those stuff that's in the sub two library for sub two students so that's why was I. No so that's all that's actually a question that I'm always like you know when when we're like okay we need to keep this within our community I'm like but if I'm gonna write a contract with somebody it's gonna you know we always use those contracts ours the one that we use is called main purchase contract but it's the same thing so the one I have it I have two in here for purchase contract one says creative one says sub two not confidential oh maybe that's the one that you should use is there a big difference between the two of them I mean they look different just looking at them you know the biggest one of the most important things on writing a contract with somebody with with the original seller is and everybody should know this but is having the sub two addendum and the seller acknowledgments those are so so important you need to make sure that these people understand what they're doing so I don't know that I mean we've used a traditional real estate it was on a real estate contract before and didn't use the sub two just because there was an agent involved and they wanted to you they wanted us to use the traditional real estate contract so but we did add the seller acknowledgments and the sub two addendums so I mean ideally we want to use paces contract the sub two contract but I feel like even more importantly is the seller acknowledgments and the sub two addendum so I see the addendum for sub two what's the other one? seller acknowledgments and it's so redundant you guys but literally some of these people they'll come back to to you and they'll say I don't I did not know what I was doing okay I see the seller acknowledgments and then in terms of the rap buyer what contract goes to them I actually haven't done a rap but I'm sure that we would use paces contract also on that the one that says rap buyer under a lying lean that's what it says in here yeah probably that one um so unless you're doing like an agreement for sale or something like that um which an agreement for sale is is pretty seller friendly so you could do that as well but I'm sure that we would just use the paces contract the purchase contract but we're we're about to wrap one so I'll let you guys know what we do on that one okay so I hope that I helped a little yeah I just didn't know since it said texas in here if that mattered as far as different using it in different states we're just changed texas to the state we're in yep and in ours says Arizona I'm sure so we just switch out if it's in a different state we just switch out those states yep okay awesome thank you thank okay this is gonna be my last question you guys like not believe we made it to two hours like my throat is hi Todd I think I oh you're unmuted now um I'm not used to talking as much as pace and Molly so this is amazing that I made it to two hours go ahead Todd well he did a great job today oh thank you hopefully I was well I don't have a question I just um referring back to a Christian was talking about oh yeah he may be able to he may be able to do the bond or sometimes in Florida I know he's in Texas so it's different but he may be able to escrow 120 percent 120 percent of the amount of that we'll call it fee from the company that they can't find and then file what's called a quiet title and it's a legal process where an attorney will go out and they'll do the publications just as if they were doing the the legal publications on a foreclosure yeah and try to wipe out the lien altogether awesome no quiet title takes about six months doesn't it um sometimes it can it depends on the difficulties of how many how many people they have to serve yeah and going through the the correct publications but we've we've done it in two two months and three months oh well and also we're a bit different well you might be able to start that process and kind of um market it to other wholesalers like this process has been started because if he's wholesaling the property I don't think that he's going to have time to to do that for you know months on end but if you did do like what he's saying I hope Christian's still on here um that could be good you know at least you have the process started and and then that might be a way to market it to somebody ultimately if somebody wants to keep it as like a rental or something they might be a little more willing to to do something like that you know unless you're just trying to find like a traditional seller or buyer but yeah I have a great attorney here I'll just have to see if he works in Texas too yeah well link up with um Christian he put his number there in his email and maybe you guys can uh try to figure this out I'd love to hear what solutions happened you know or what what ends up happening with this or enough all right you guys I think that's it for this yeah thank you Todd um this I hope to start doing a little more gator stuff I hope I don't lose all my gator people that are coming to this um I am hoping that we find a new title company for a gator deal that we're going to start T.C. so if I get permission from the um people who brought us the deal then we can maybe start talking about that next week and then it'll be a little more gator related for some of you gators and then of course all my subtoots people who keep coming to this I hope you guys keep coming I hope you're getting some value from this and all right guys I will let everybody go and I hope you all have a great weekend bye