 Good morning guys, how's it going? I think what a lot of the Gator Tribe is lacking is you're lacking one patience because I lack patience. So that's not a criticism. That's just I lack patience because I want things to happen faster. I think a lot of people need more direction. I did a Zoom. I think a training was like training number four, maybe training number five where I talked about here's what you should be doing all the time consistently like looking for opportunities. And you're also missing a place to plug in because so many people kind of have this nine to five mentality where you just need to be told what to do all the time and that's not either criticism either. It's just it is what it is. A lot of people in here have been somewhat brainwashed by their environment. I used to be that way as well, not a criticism, but you need somebody to tell you what to do all the time instead of like, Hey, here's a business opportunity. Like I'm at a point now where if you tell me what a business opportunity is, I'm like, oh my gosh, that's genius. And the next day I'm making money at it. There's a lot of people in here that I tell you the greatest business opportunity. I had Jerry Norton call me. He goes, dude, this Gator training thing is freaking genius. I just watched the Oh my gosh, it's so great. Blah, blah, blah, blah. I get a can't clothes here was like, Oh my gosh, this is freaking genius. I love this. This is great. Really high level business people understand the concept of gator lending and they're like, this is genius. They go out, make money immediately. What is let's let's talk about this. Get 225 people in here. What is the thing? George says, you told us not to jump the gun. I'm patiently waiting. Jorge, what are you waiting for? I told you to wait for the paperwork. We went through the paperwork. I had my attorney come in and show you guys the paperwork. What are you waiting for? Are you still waiting? I hope you're not Christian. Cunningham says I, Jorge might have missed that. Maybe he missed that. Let's talk about that for a second. Jorge, did you miss the training on the paperwork? Hello. Hey, Jorge, what's up, bro? I can hear you. Okay, good. There he is. Jorge, did you potentially miss the paperwork training that we did with the attorney? Brought him in. Cost me like $1,400 for him to come in here. I mean, I wasn't on the call. I go to church on Sundays, but then I caught up to the recording. Okay. So I caught up to the recording. My assumption was that I don't know why I thought that we just had to continue to wait. Because I remember you had told someone not to jump the gun. You had someone on one of your lives. You told them, you started making a deal and it went sour. And you were like, you know what, you guys are in wait for me and all this stuff. So that's kind of where I'm at with that. Yeah, let me let's let's obliterate that all right now, guys. You should not be waiting at all. That's a really I'm glad you brought this up. Thank you for the opportunity to talk about this. So I had people before I've been started the Gator training. People that are similar personalities to me that are like, oh my gosh, I love this business idea. And they went out and they started lending and started making a bunch of money. And I started getting people DMing me with success stories before we even like, release the paperwork. And I was like, oh my gosh, please like make sure you've got your paperwork right because you could potentially lose your money. And the other thing we were waiting for as well is that we were waiting for Caleb Christopher who is an upcoming business partner of mine in my title business. He'll be doing the title and escrow training like corporate training for our title business. I was getting him acclimated to a lot of what Gator training is doing as well. And so I wanted to make sure that he and his team had the ability to actually do transaction coordination for these types of transactions. So when people go, I have an opportunity, right? I have an opportunity for lending money here. I need to make sure that I have somebody doing the paperwork for me because I'm not a paperwork person. I'd rather just hire somebody that does paperwork. So I wanted to make sure Caleb was up to speed. He is the attorney came into the training. There's nothing holding us back. What we should be talking about now is we should be talking about people coming in here and saying, hey, I have an opportunity. Do you think this is a good deal? Can you underwrite this for me? Chris Kalamari has done that a couple of times. He also has his hand raised. So he has some specific questions, which is great. So Jorge, what I'm going to challenge you to go do is go find opportunities that you don't know if they're good for you or not and bring them into the training. All right. Say no more. You got it. Good. Another thing that I'm doing, OK? Drew says I got $9,930 profit so far, like done deal money in my bank paid for my sub two, paid for sub two on my first deal. Thanks, Pay. So Drew, thank you. What I would be doing with everybody is do you guys think that you should maybe be communicating with Drew and getting Drew's phone number and having Drew tell you what he did so that you guys can communicate with each other and help each other out, right? OK. Good job, Drew. Really good job. Let's see here. I've got, and then here's another thing. I got two more things I want to talk to you guys about. Chris, I'll jump on to you. Today's going to be a shorter training because this morning, I had a two hour zoom with my sub two community all about avatars. And for you, you non sub two students, you guys don't know what an avatar necessarily is other than it's a very dope movie. It's a very dope movie and then avatar two is going to be coming out pretty soon too. OK. We have this little thing called avatars. OK. And an avatar basically is your personality broken down into what you should be focusing your time and energy on as you get started in real estate. OK. One of people say, well, how do I start in real estate? Well, that depends on who you are, your personality type, your resources, where you're at, are you just starting out, are you just barely getting going? And you'll notice that there is an avatar specifically right here as a gator lender, one of the greatest ways to get started in real estate is either a gator lender or gator lender sponsor. OK. So avatars. So direct to seller visionary. So you'll have a lot of my students that are direct to seller visionaries in this challenge, to sell your integrator in the challenge closers. People are doing lawns of method direct to agent referral partner transaction coordinators. You're not going to really work with them too much, except you need to be interact with them transactional engineer, JV microflipper hunter bird dog, private money lender. That's kind of you guys actually right here. These two are kind of the same thing similar, but not the same. Capital razors, helpers, buyers, connectors, leaders and working for someone else. So these are all individual avatars that I suggest people start with when they get into real estate. OK. Direct to seller visionary are going to be a lot of your guys clients direct to seller integrator is going to be a lot of your clients closers, lawns of method direct to agent transaction coordination coordinators. You guys as gators should also know transaction coordinators as a lead referral source. OK. For me, if I was going to start all over and I had no experience, this is where I would start either if I have money, I would probably become a gator lender. If I don't have money, I would go work for someone right here. One of the greatest ways to get started in real estate go work for someone else. Nobody wants to hear that, but it's true. Besnick, OK. Says has a question. Besnick, you there. Yes. OK, cool. You say, hey, I got I get what you're saying and not to start waiting. My question is for some of us that don't have our credit bill yet. How do we go about it? Besnick, I would assume that you are either you definitely have a nine to five job. And you are more of an engineer type of personality. Is that correct? I am in the service industry. So yeah. OK, so food. Got a good. Cool. So great question. This is a challenge. This is this is a business owners think. Let's say you haven't built your corporate credit yet. The most important thing that a restaurant does. OK, you work at a restaurant, right? Yes. OK, cool. Does a restaurant just randomly put their restaurant into whatever location or do you have a restaurant? Whatever location or do they do market research on their customer before they choose a location? They do all that you just said before they choose a location. Yes. Right. So before you're cooking food and you have anything to serve a customer, you're doing market research, right? Correct. So would it be smart for you to be into these zoom so you can do market research on who your clients are going to be? Absolutely. So that's what I would do. If you're I'm not I'm not the person you paid to help build your corporate credit. That's PCS, right? I'd you guys didn't pay me to do that. If you guys want me to bring PCS in here, happy to do that. But that's not what I'm doing here is teaching you guys how to build your corporate credit. That's their job. I'm here to show you how to utilize it by lending on things and getting chunks of people's ownership. Does that make sense? 100%. Is everybody getting attention from PCS or do I need to bring PCS in here like next week to talk about this to give you guys steps that you should be taking. But you aren't taking. Okay, Anthony says PCS is great. Mary says they've been terrific. Gabe says they've been good and responsive. Mine's good. Okay, there's a lot of positive response. No problems. Very prompt. I get my oh damn. All right, cool. So we're all good here, right? They've been great. They've been great. They've been great. Hell yeah. Okay, cool. So what I would do, Besnick is if you're because it does take time to build corporate credit. A couple of months, right, to start getting the momentum. What I would do is as a restaurant, we want to find out what's my location. What's my customer want? Who is my customer? What do they look like? You know, what color shirts are they typically wearing? Like we you can agree. What kind of restaurant do you got? Do you work out? The state house. Okay, there's a very specific person that will never step foot in a state house. Right? Vegetarians probably. Poor people. I think they're going to be able to do that. Vegetarians probably. Poor people. I mean, stakes, stakes, hella expensive. Okay. Yes. Gabe says, uh, Pascitarian, what does religion have to do with that with anything, Gabe? Just kidding. I know it's not Presbyterian. He's like, it's not. I know Pascitarian's fish. I know I'm just kidding. Um, so, um, your customer, you need to know that customer and they need to know you. Right? So, Besnick, what I would do is I would be going into this challenge and saying, hey, I'm a gator or watching and paying attention to who is what avatar. So when somebody's like, I'm a direct to seller avatar, that is a great customer for you. Right? If I'm a steakhouse, I'm not trying to go to a, and I want to start marketing to people like sending out postcards like, hey, our restaurants open. I'm probably going to do a little bit of market research and go, I'm not going to waste a postcard on sending this to, um, a family that, you know, public data is pretty powerful. I can pull data of who is frequent steak, you know, consumers versus people who are vegetarians. I can find that data out right now. So why would I go out and start marketing and knocking on doors and putting flyers and all that kind of stuff on people who are freaking vegetarians or Pascitarians? I wouldn't. I want to go find the customers and let them know that I have a business that specifically want my business. So even if your corporate credit is not built up, I'm going to give you guys, this is, that's number one is you need to be networking with other people that are your customers. So do we need corporate credit to do those things? No. No, you do not. No. Okay. Now has it has this been good? You guys got like some really good action. Okay. So here's the other thing. Okay. The other thing that I don't see you guys doing well. Again, business owner brain versus employee brain. Employee brain waits for people to tell them what to do, which is not a problem. It just means this is something you need to work on and recognize that one of the reasons you're not successful is because you're waiting for somebody to tell you what the freaking do all the time. Okay. And that's okay. You've got to break free of it after you recognize that that's what's going on as a business owner. Here's what I would be doing. I would be going and becoming friends here and go, who has five grand, who has ten grand, who has 15 grand and I would put a list together inside of the discord. And I would say, hey, like right now, I'm funding a deal that you knuckleheads. I mean, somebody in here that was one of my students, Dan Kihano goes, hey, I need $45,000. I go ask the gator tribe and he goes, I've asked multiple and they go, one guy says he has five. One guy says he has 10. One guy says he has 25, but I haven't found somebody has 45,000. I'm like, what a bunch of dumbasses. Sorry guys, but how in the flying monkey balls do you not understand that you guys can be gator wranglers with each other? You guys need to be pulling stuff together and going, hey, I might not have 45 grand, but I've got three friends and gator tribe that do. Who's not doing that? Just say, I'm not. It's okay to say I'm not. A lot of people saying I'm not. So guys, is that help you? If I gave you nothing more for the next month, other than that little piece, don't you guys think you should be like running together as a tribe and finding these type of opportunities? Okay, now here's another thing. Here's another layer. Okay, and Christopher has two up to $250,000. So now here's the other layer. Your mindset is employee mindset. You're looking at only the resources you have. Therefore you go and look for opportunities that can use those direct resources. Not the right way to do it. You look for opportunities first and then go and figure out how to get the resources. Ryan Snow has got 300 grand. You don't need Fee. You're one of these people, but you know this. You know this. I'm not getting on you. She knows this. Fee should be going out. She's well known and sub two and saying who needs money? Me and a couple of other gators have three or four hundred thousand dollars to lend. That is the conversation. It's okay to say me and a couple of other gators have trived up. And we've got money to lend. Okay. There you go. Sherry says I have 50,000. Guys, how do you know much money we have in this group? Millions of dollars. Yeah, I have people coming to me and saying, oh no, I talked to four gators. They also they had five, 10, 15. And they couldn't help me. Am I. Oh my gosh, a bunch of knuckleheads. So Fiya says I've got up to a hundred dollars. So Fiya, you technically don't need any money. If you understand how to wrestle gators, you don't need anything. Oh, okay. Cool. 100 grand. 100 grand. I have a hundred and 50,000 dollars available. Guys, 300 grand. Holy moly. No, do not go. Guys, I did this already with you guys with the creative finance Facebook group. My team has come to me and said, can we stop the gators? All they do is they again, employee mindset. You look at the immediate resources you have rather than going and creating more. Go find local wholesaler groups in your area. There's over 50,000 Facebook groups all around wholesaling and real estate investing. Do not go into the creative finance with Facebook group. Because you guys all go there because that's you guys know me from there. Go find 10 Facebook groups to go and freaking talk about it. And when you don't get traction, go find 10 more. And you don't get traction. Go find 10 more. And stay consistent with it. Next thing you know, you're a holy crap. Okay. As you're saying, what did your gator wrestling look like logistically? That's a problem you don't have right now. Go go run into a situation where you need to know the answer to that. Kayla Christopher, what's up, bro? What's going on? Hey, how are you doing, man? I'm fantastic. Shoot. I'd love for you to unmute Chris too. We're going to talk with we'd love to talk about a deal that we're working together on T.C. And I'm kind of waiting for the outcome before I bring on more T.C. on gator stuff. Okay. Beautiful. Hey, what's up, pace? What's up, brother? This is a deal where there's multiple gators involved. So it's just what you were just talking about, right? They put money together and did a deal. Okay. But Chris, how do you want to approach that question? So basically, this is a deal that I teamed up with monodoo on. We brought Kayla men to T.C. It was something where it was 15 K to cover closing costs. We negotiated 10 K on the back end 30 days. Oh, yeah, I've already given mama to the answer to this, but that's fine. We can get through it. Okay. So basically, the bar never showed up at close the best growth funds haven't been released. The contract dates on July 12th that the funds are due. Or the payment back to us or do five days later, it goes into a penalty phase. And then eventually like 15 days later, we have a performance deed with a deed and Lou in hand. Okay. Let me clear this up for everybody else. It's brand new. Okay. This is the D to a house that I'm holding and I don't want to hold it. This is why I'm not sending it to me now. Send it to me. You want it? Okay. Okay. Okay. So here's. Here's what we got. You guys find somebody who's going to buy a property that needs $15,000 to close it. You guys intelligently go and utilize another one of this person's properties as collateral by saying if you fail to perform on this agreement, we can take this other house as collateral. The document that can't be done. So we can't really do security. Right. So Caleb has this document right now that they can go into Chris and mom, who can go and take this other said property right now with that document that Caleb, Christopher is holding. Okay. The problem is here's what happened. The transaction has not actually been completed. Why? Because the buyer who is requesting money from mom, do and Chris ghosted everybody and decided I'm not going to communicate and Chris and mom, do have already wired their money to title. It's $15,000 sitting there basically waiting for this transaction to complete. They can't get a hold of the buyer. The buyer just decides, you know, I don't want to deal anymore. And even though he signed agreements and he's wasted people's time and energy, he's just deciding I'm going to ghost everybody. Now, there could be a couple of reasons for this. One, he's a piece of. Okay, and that's perfectly logical to. He died. I mean, I hate to say, but there have been situations where people have died that I'm doing transactions with we find out two months later after I file memorandum that that person passed away. I had an electrician die on my flip. I was like, why is this not getting down? He's not returning any of my calls. I found out he had COVID when somebody texted back finally and they're like, he had COVID. And that was the last I've heard. So these kind of things happen. Okay. So this is what I told so mom of do says, what should we do? Should we just ask the title company to send the money back to us? Okay. Or should we because we put our money out there? We should be compensated for our money, our time, our energy, et cetera. Should we go and take this property and demand some sort of compensation? And they said, you know, he said option A, just get our money back, move on. Okay. We didn't lose anything. That's great. Option B, we lost time and energy, which is valuable and actually argue, arguably more valuable than the $15,000 would have made. Your time and energy, there is actual money out there, but not a lot, right? Yeah. Like some wire transfer fees, stuff like that, right? So then you've got the option B, which is screw this guy. If we can took our money and didn't communicate with us, we're going to go and take this property because that's what our agreement states. This was my answer to mom of do. Okay. My answer to mom of do was don't take the property until you send him a cure notice. Or until you communicate with him and you give him for warning, hey, man, you have my money sitting at title. I've had to turn down other opportunities that would have made me money. You need to complete this transaction or we are going to go and take that property. And then after we have a cure notice and everything in here. So they're going to have to do a certified male cure notice and all that. But yeah, I mean, the time. The timeline is written in stone or written on paper and notarized. So what I would always think Chris is like, think about what a judge would say. I never had to stand in front of a judge, but I always think what would a judge say in the situation and the judge says, let me get this straight Chris. You guys didn't actually have to lend money to this person. He just simply stopped communicating with you. So the transaction is over. So you guys decided it was time for you to go and take his property. Right. And the judge says that to you and you go. Yeah, like, but judge and you go, hold just keep it simple Chris is that what is going on and you can say. In your mind, you're thinking gosh damn it. Let me explain this. But the judge is not going to let you explain. He's going to look at surface level and say, global, you know, is this is this the case. You want to be able to stand there confidently say, yes, sir, that's exactly what's going on. The judge is going to then say, why do you think that that's a good thing? Well, we gave him this. We give him a cure notice. We told him he needed to fulfill this. Here's documentation telling him that we were going to take the property. If he didn't blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, we turned down four or five other opportunities that would have made us this much money. And so we had the house is collateral. He told them we were going to take it as our compensation. And so here we are, judge. That is something that I can argue with. Mom, it was like, Oh, yeah, this is great advice. Because he was like, he was like, should we just go take the property and like no. You could take the property, but you need to do your, your job up front. In order for you to be justified in that. So we've done just that we sent clear communication via email, kind of outlining all that. And as soon as we sent that email a day later. He showed up at closing. trying to sign all the documentation. So now he's trying to get everything closed, but it still hasn't closed. So I don't know at this point if we need to move timeline or stick to our timeline in our original email stating that these are the dates and this is what's gonna happen on those dates. Yeah, so here's what I would do. I would, in my opinion, there should be an addendum to the contract. And one, I gotta make sure that my $15,000 is not at risk if we extend this with the seller, because there's a seller involved here. So Caleb can help out with that. Can we extend the contract? The seller needs to sign in a addendum. Two, there needs to be additional benefits to me for having my money laid out longer. Like, okay, here's a great example. I screwed up on this, okay? So I have a friend that I loaned $250,000 to last year. I never loan money to people, but I loan money to this person. I loan money to business transactions, but not to people. That's a good piece of advice, guys. Write that down. Never lend money to people. Lend money on business transactions or real estate transaction. So $250,000, my interest rates 12% interest only. So I gotta check every month for $2,500 decent, right? Pays for whatever. Okay, well, year has come and gone. And now I'm like, yo, bro, I need my $250, I got a multi-family deal I wanna put my money into. Yeah, but you know, it interest rates just rose and I'm trying to refine it. That's not my mother-epping problem. That was not our agreement. So I said, here's what I gotta do. In order for me, and this is not true, I've got enough cash to do this, but of course this is what you have to do to lie to people. I'm constantly lying to manipulate freaking people have my money. What I should have written in my contract is stated if these things do not hold true in terms of timeline, et cetera, there will be a penalty of this. And I, why do we update our contract all the time is because we learn things along the way. So for me, I'm going forward when I lend money to people, there's going to be, okay, if you do not perform on the said date, the lender, me, has the opportunity to charge a 1% fee plus go up interest rate of two extra percentages, so whatever it is. So right now, the guy's paying me 12% interest only, but now a year later, he's like, I need 90 more days. Great. I could make way more money with that $250,000 than the 12% you're paying me, plus the fact that that freaking inflation is eating it away. I'm really only netting 4% return, and I'm sitting here biting my nails saying I wish I had my money back. So in the few, what I would do right now is I would say, hey, we don't mind extending, but it needs to be documented properly. We're going to give you an extension, and that would look good in front of a judge, right? If you go, look, we had to threaten him, judge. He finally comes out of the woodwork because we threatened him to say that that's what it took, but that's what it took. Comes to the table, he's slow, he's lethargic, he's trying to get things done, he should have had done two weeks ago, three weeks ago, et cetera. And we extended, we could have just taken the property. And we could have canceled the transaction altogether, but we gave him the grace and we documented it with this, showing that we gave him an extra week. What I would do, if he accepted and responds, that shows that he was not like unavailable. He was just, right, goes to those things. And with any time, Chris, that you, this is a great question because everybody else should be doing this. Guys, this is great advice for everybody in here. Everybody in here, okay? I'm just, I'm still blown away by all the people at DME on Gator loans that people are making, 10 grand here, 15 grand here, 20 grand here. Who again has done some transactions in here? I know Josh, you have. Josh, did you, Chris, have you completed some transactions? How much money do you think you've made so far? 20 grand. 20 grand. Chris, should people be waiting to go out and Gator lending? No, and I get deals all the time to me and I just threw one out in the Gator discord on Friday because it was something I couldn't fund because I have money out there. So just trying to hook other people up. So they're out there. Guys, you think Chris Kalamari should be somebody you should be dipping your, dipping your time and energy into? Kalamari is a saucy man. I love me some Kalamari, you know what I'm saying? Okay, so what I would do is I would have Caleb, this is why it's great to have creative TC helping out with all this stuff is I would say, hey Caleb, can we get an addendum to my agreement with this knucklehead? And on top of it, require, I would do a couple of things. I would require this guy to pay a dock fee. I'm it now, yeah. Say, hey, pay me a dock fee because I got to update these documents and I got to pay my credit, my TC company. Okay. 500 bucks dock fee plus whatever you guys agreed to in the original agreement. Yesterday's price is not today's price. Right? Meaning what, for the $15,000, what are you, what are you gain to benefit from that? Not timeline or anything like that, but what's your net on that $15,000? 10,000 on top and then with the escalation call, there would be five K if he doesn't perform by a certain date, and then it's deep and low after that. Okay, if I were you, I'd say I need to make 12 K on top with an escalation of 7,000. Not five, so I'd bump 20, I'd go 20% $2,000 extra. Plus a dock fee. Yeah, he was so confident in the, the borrowers were so confident in the deal that there was no problem doing a 10,000 fee on top for a short-term loan, plus a penalty of 5,000 if he's one day late for 15 days, and if he's 15 days beyond that, he signed a deed in lieu for closure on a separate property that it owns. So that's not certain. He was to start when I would do it. I would do is I would have Caleb charge a dock fee to cover his time and energy for this additional work. Your guy needs to pay that upfront for the addendum. I would give him another week extension, and for that week extension, you should be charging him $2,000 on your upfront. Okay, and you need to very politely, Chris, you're a professional guy, I already know this, so when I say this, I don't want you to think I'm saying this because you need the coaching, but I want to say it for everybody else, is I would write him an email and say, hey, borrower, we've had to pass up four other opportunities with the same money because this money's been tied up. And we want to do business with you, we look forward to doing business with you, look forward to, I'm sure there's hiccups in business, we want to accommodate you and do this for you, but unfortunately we have payroll overhead, et cetera, and now our money's gonna be out longer than anticipated, we need to charge for those things. Right, imagine everything you write, a judge is always gonna look at it. Right, and there are people in here that will write, oh, you freaking held up my money and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, okay, well, a judge is gonna look at you as an aggressive human being, right, if this ever gets to a point where you have to take the house away. So Chris, you being the professional you are, will write an eloquent email, that sounds like you are, I'm accommodating you, I'm doing a favor for you. I could've made more money somewhere else, but I'm going to do this for solid for you. If a judge ever sees an email like that, it'll obviously be looked at in your favor. So doc fee, $500, whatever Caleb should be charging. I, if I were Caleb, I'd charge $500. Doc fee needs to be paid for. I'm talking about $500 for the freaking addendum. Not for the whole thing. Yeah, I'll send an invoice directly to that guy for the, pay me right now and I'll do, pay me now, and then I'll do the paperwork. Yep. Okay. And then the other thing is I would bump 20% on top of what you were already planning on doing. So $2,000 on the upfront, and then on the penalty, I would also add another $2,000. And give them a next year or two, you're saying? I would give them an extra 10 days. So two, two business weeks. I think that's fair. One last question. While it is nice that you've been, you've been calling an emailing Chris, I just want to make sure that I'm looking at our, your promissory note right now. Notice section 12 says notices are to be in person, certified mail with receipt or commercial overnight career. So emails are nice for communication, but they are not considered notice with a capital in. So when it comes to any official notices, like the notice of default on the 13th, that's going to be certified mail. Okay, got it. Pace one last question. If this right now the close of as grow is sitting with the seller sign off on the final HUD, if this deal all falls apart, then do we still have any recourse at that point? Or that point we get our money back and it's over. If the seller doesn't sign, I think as a business professional, you just have to understand that those types of things are going to happen and you will have a seller that will just decide I'm not going to sign and then you just go, all right, I'm moving on to the next opportunity. Yeah, that's what I was thinking too. The thing that you're penalizing is his lack of communication and him ghosting you. It was a decision he made. The seller deciding to be problematic is not something he or you necessarily it. I would say you definitely don't have control over that, but he should have control over that and that's his transaction. I think it might be smart even ask the question Caleb of like go to Sean St. Clair and say, is there something we can put in our contracts for the gator lending that states that even if the transaction falls apart, if I ever wire money to title, I should be compensated from $1,000 or whatever it is. Might be, I don't know if that's legal. And upfront processing fee. Yeah, doc fee. Yeah, there it is. And that's why people charge points up front. I think that's the solution is charge points up front and say listen, in case this falls through, we're at least collecting this for the actions we're taking if wiring money separating ourselves from our funds and dedicating it to you. It's like a non-refundable EMD for a seller taking their house off the market to work with you. Right. If they make it a non-refundable EMD, so I think that's the same thing. We're taking our funds off the market to put them into your deal and you're gonna pay for it upfront as a fee, not as part of the interest. Yeah, that's totally doable. I like it. Love it. There's the answer to the question, guys. I got my wife asked me to go to church today, so I'm ending this early. Thanks, Dave. So far, you've already made 20 grand. You're probably well on, you legit. In the next 12 months, there's no reason why you couldn't make half a million dollars doing this. Do it. Wow, though. Appreciate you guys have a killer Sunday.