 I have a deal. Let me see if I can pull it up. I have a deal right now. Um, where somebody came to me and wanted $26,000. Okay. And they were going to pay me $6,000 for basically two days. I was like, all right, $26,000. Now $26,000 in here for a lot of people that are just starting out, I know Heather, um, I would say that $26,000 would probably pinch you to a point where I, I don't want to do that deal in the first place. That's a lot of money to put out there, right? That's the other part of this gator training that I'm going to be doing with you guys long term is that I want you guys to build up corporate credit so that when you see a $26,000 opportunity, it's not scary for you. Do you guys understand now partly why I had you guys go through the prime corporate services corporate credit building thing? Okay. You can actually take advantage of those. Yeah. I'm going to put me K going out for one, but it's saving. So it hurts. I don't want you doing that. I want you to, I mean, do it in the beginning, get some bankroll going, but at some point you guys will build your corporate credit. We're going to bring prime corporate services in here to talk about that kind of stuff. And I can't, here's the thing. I've tried to have prime corporate services, no offense to them, but I've tried to have prime corporate services come into my sub two community and teach corporate credit for free because they teach all sorts of other crazy cool things for free. And they're like, dude, we do not think that that's okay. That's like giving our secret sauce away. And it's like, okay. So that's why I now can get them in here because you guys are actually all prime corporate credit clients. And now we can actually bring them in here and as a community build corporate credit. And I can show you guys what I do, et cetera. It's going to be amazing. Okay. The owner is going to come in here. The corporate credit team is going to come in here. So this deal that came across my table at $26,000. First and foremost, I do got to show you this. It's really good. The whole seller says, hey, can I pay you $2,000 for this loan? What do you think I said? Hell no. Okay. So I've got this deal. Let me pull it up just real quick. A little screenshot of a text thread between me and somebody else that wanted $26,000. And I want to show you guys kind of how I negotiated with them back and forth. So you guys can kind of see that just to see how much power you have when you actually are the one with the money. You will feel like the almighty. Well, that helped if you guys saw how I negotiated with them. Yeah, definitely. Okay. Hold on a sec. See, it was probably. Give me a second, guys. I know I'm usually flapping my job, but I want to make sure I show this to you guys. Okay. So essentially, he came to me as like, hey, I need $26,000. And I'm like, okay, great. Well, let's do a deal where you $2,000 is not enough money for me. So why don't we work out something that's more beneficial? He's like, well, what are you thinking? And I said, man, usually I loan $2,000 and I get $2,000 back. He's like, okay, so I'll do $3,000. I was like, how about six? And he said, how about five? And I said, how about six? Okay. Okay. Here we go. So this kind of stuff happens all the time. And oh, a song. There we go. Sorry, guys. Just want to make sure I can give you a visual. I'm a visual learner. So I'd like to see this stuff instead of people just telling me stories. It's just easier for me to actually see things in person myself. So I'm sure you guys feel similar to that. All right. So I, you know, of course, I save people in my phone as wholesaler. That's if you are wholesaler, that's how I put you in there. He says, he says, can you call me? You know, I was like, no, I'm in a phone. I'm in a car with somebody else. Like three other people are all on the phone call. So that's why he's saying, okay, LMAO. I said, what will you pay me? He says, I'll give you 23 again. No, not worth it. Okay. So let me teach you guys something about negotiating. It's the same reason why I'm one of the greatest real estate closures is because I don't name my price. Okay. Do I name my price anywhere for the first couple of text messages back and forth? So what will you pay me? No, not worth it. And then I stopped. And he goes, how much do you need it for him? It to make sense? I go, so I, instead of giving him the answer, I give him an answer that is not his answer. Does this make sense? So I say, I lend people 2K and get my money back plus 2K. If you want 21,000, I need a lot more. Sorry. I thought it was 26 grand. It's actually 21 grand. I'm sorry. He goes, okay, look, I'll give you five on top of it. And so I said, not enough. Not really. I go, not really. He goes, that's a lot. So I was like, not really. Give me six. Okay. And the thread kept going on. He kept, he said, okay. And then he came back and he was like, how about five? And I was like, how about six? I just kept staying on six. Okay. So I just taught you somebody's going to say, how do I negotiate with these people? I just told you. You tell them what's, how much, how much is it worth it to you? Heather, I think that you getting paid $500 for a thousand dollar earners money. You under, under, undercharged. Did I dramatically? Okay. Dramatically. What would you for that thousand? What's what? minimum of thousand dollars. Okay. Minimum of a thousand dollars. Yeah, they named their price. So it was like 300 to 500. Of course, I picked the 500. So I need to pay. Let me teach you something, Heather. Yeah. Yeah. So let's go through that. So they go, so you go name me. How did that go? Did they say all the name that you're price or did you say, how much would you pay me? What'd you say? No, they just said, hey, we've got a thousand dollar EMD. We need, you know, and I said, what's what's typical? I guess I said, you know, what's the tip? Since I'm learning, what's the typical? Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. So here's what I would have said. If they said, if somebody said three to five, three to five hundred, I'd say, oh, man, I have somebody else I'm lending. So third party stories, I've taught you this and created in the sub two mentorship a lot, right? Fictitious third parties are one of the greatest negotiating tactics of all time. So you go, oh, man, I have a thousand dollars going out next week to somebody else and they're paying me two thousand dollar return is five hundred dollars the most you can pay. So good. Okay. So with, with you, Heather, so with your deal, I would say, you should have used a third a third party for a couple of reasons. One, because it works and two, because you should be manifesting that anyway and by saying, hey, next week, I'm going to, somebody needs me to fund their, or some, is it true that next week somebody needs Heather to fund a transaction for them? Yeah, because I'm going to go find it. And even, and even if you don't find them, do they still exist? Yeah. Somebody's out there going, damn it, I wish I knew somebody to would fund my earnest mate. That is not a lie. So you can say, I have somebody that needs me to fund them next week that I am charging two thousand dollars to. Yeah. I love that. Yeah, I didn't, I thought 50, 50 percent was like great. And I was like, okay, this is awesome. But knowing that, yeah, you can get, get a little bit more if that's, that's, that's even better. This is, this is why we call it gator trend, gator lending. I want chunks. Okay. I'm not looking at this as a return of a percentage or anything like that. I'm trying to say, what is the chunk? I have risked myself.