 So for example, um, oh, this is great. Carolyn, um, that sure that blouse that you're wearing right now, do you know where you got that from? Carolyn, do you know, where did you get your blouse from? Where'd you buy it from? What store? This is a dress and I bought it from old Navy. Perfect. And so what'd you, what do you think you paid on that? 30 to 50 bucks? Um, probably like 25, 20, 25 dollars. Yes. Perfect. And how much of that dress did you write off on your taxes? None. Why not? How about it years and years and years ago? Okay. So here's, here's, I'm going to tell you a couple of things. Okay. So here are all the things, even in a crafting cups business that you should be writing off that you probably are not writing off. Okay. Are you, um, are you right? By the way, you have income coming in from your current business right now, you're, where you have a W2, right? I do. Okay. So here's what's beautiful is that your, you should be able to write off things like this. You should be able to write off your internet bill. Okay. Did you know that you can write off your, um, about, I'd say, 30 to 40% of your house payment should be written off. Okay. That's your mortgage or your rent. Okay. Okay. And if you, if you're married, okay. If you're married with my wife and I weren't business together. So my wife and I write off all of our food and beverage, all of it, even groceries and why, why is that Carolyn's? Cause I'm having dinner with my business partner, right? Right. Okay. You can't do this without an LLC, by the way. You can't do this by just you being by yourself. Okay. Okay. So, um, let's see your vehicle, everything about your vehicle, your gas, your maintenance, your everything, because I tell, I would say something like, do you have, Carolyn, for your crafting business, are you going down to like, you know, Michaels or big lots or anything like that and buying things and you have to use a car? Okay. All of your vehicle, your payment, your insurance, your gas should be a write off. Okay. Here's a magical thing. Okay. Um, Paula Finn, Lasson says, pace all the food that she and Paula Finn, Lasson's one of my private lenders. Good to see you and hear your sweet woman. Um, Paula, uh, pace, all food and beverage when you eat out or shopping down to your house, both as long as I, it is business related. Okay. And here's the other thing too. I, this is a little bit higher elevated thing. Carolyn, I'm sorry, this is going to be a little bit scary for you to hear this, but I also have a family trust, which I'm not going to go into today on this zoom. Okay. My family trust means my, even if it's an expense for my children, okay. That's a business expense and why is that? Uh, because your children are part of your business. My children will take over my family trust when I pass away. Okay. Okay. My, my, my children are the beneficiaries of my trust and my estate. So any education I do, so even when we take them to Disneyland, that's an education. That's an, that's an expense, everything, like literally everything you guys can imagine. If I take my daughter to dance class, that's an expense for my daughter becoming a leader of our family trust, right? It teaches her discipline. It teaches her social skills that like everything is an education expense for my children. My, her swim lessons, right? All of these things are write offs, okay? Now for your clothing, Carolyn, why is, I would say you right now, this is where there's a downfall for you is that you have a wardrobe, right? I do. Okay. You probably right now cannot write off. Well, first off, you don't have an LLC. So let's, you got to fix that first. Right. Okay. But once you have an LLC, can I write it off my wardrobe if I'm Carolyn right now? If I had one, yes, what you're saying? I would say you still cannot because you're doing something that you need, you're not doing something you should be doing that I already got on your case for. Okay. And what is that? Social. Getting it up. I'll see. No. Even if you had an LLC, you still cannot write off your wardrobe because you are not posting on social media and putting yourself out there. Okay. Because your wardrobe, your glasses, your lipstick, your makeup, your hair cut, your cute gold necklace that you have around your neck, all of those things are your wardrobe or also in the business world. They are known as your uniform for your brand. Okay. Okay. Didn't know that. Okay. If I just taught you, if everything I just taught you in the last 20 minutes, if that's all I taught you the rest of your life, this would save you millions and millions and millions of dollars the rest of your life. So basically, I just got to start getting my face and everything out there. Just not even everywhere, right? Like Carolyn, what I would do, are you an Instagram girl? I am. Do you consume Instagram? Yes. Okay. So what I would do is I would go on YouTube today and I would watch a video on how to post an IG story. Okay. Why are IG stories so easy? Like entry level is because they go away after 24 hours. Right. So like what's the, what, what fear do you have if you're, if you're going to put something out there, if it's gone in 24 hours, not like somebody can scroll through your timeline and see something you posted six months ago? Okay. Okay. So I look at IG stories as like the proving grounds and the test of like what I like and what content I like. Okay. Hey, can I hold you for a second? Come here. Want me to take you on a date today? What do you want to know? Okay. Oh, yeah, we're going to go to Miracapa. So, um, so even right now, Carolyn, my wife is sitting next to me, right? She's in my studio. So my whole studio, my camera equipment, my internet, my zoom expense, like literally everything is a write off in my business. Okay. In fact, I would be surprised if my accountant or my bookkeeper couldn't find an expense that was not related to my business. I think the only thing, um, I think the only thing Tony, who is my bookkeeper, she's the only thing she has not been able to justify as an expense to my business is when I buy lingerie for my wife. That's it. That's literally it, which is frequent. Oh, she, my wife says she just bought some new stuff. And what I like is she said, didn't say she bought it for her. She bought it for me, which is great. That's a good wife. Absolutely. Hey, no. Oh, she's beautiful. Hey, hi, Carolyn. Oh, my goodness. This is I'm talking to my friends, Coup, Crafting Coup Group. She's precious. Yeah, we love we love my real. I really wish I would have had more of this information before I started this because if if you saw the stuff that's in my craft room and the amount of money that I've already spent on supplies and equipment, I can't, it's, it's disgusting. Pretty pretty much. And well, here's the thing. Okay. So give me a kiss. I'll be done in a couple of minutes and we'll go on a date. Okay. So here's the interesting thing, right? So like everybody has things that get them excited, right? Like men have bow hunting and killing things and golf and whatever else. Right? Everybody just has that outlet. And you should never, you should never be embarrassed or worried about how much of money you spent on something that you love. Okay. What you, what you should be embarrassed by is how much you paid in taxes last year. That you shouldn't have paid in taxes because you spent that money. So it's what really sucks is like you go to your W2, you work your ass off. I can just tell you're a bad ass. In fact, I know you are going to tell from your energy. Okay. We have, we have thousands of people that have worked for us, thousands. I currently have a little over 700 employees and I can tell you just from your energy, whoever you work for is very lucky to have you. Okay. I don't go. I'm actually. Okay. I'm a federal government. So that's great. They're very lucky to have you. So here's the thing is you go work your ass off. You then pay, I don't know what you pay in taxes, 20% of your income. Maybe more more. Okay. So you're paying more than 20% of your income. Then so you take, this is the crappy thing about how this is all set up is that you take your after tax dollars, right? And then you go and you go spend it on things with your after tax dollars. And so your buying power is so much less than my buying power. It's not that you bought the things. It's like if that's what gives you joy and you love doing it, you should spend more. It's just that you should keep the other 30% of your taxes to yourself. Okay. Right. Your tax return should be massive this year, but it's not because you don't have the right ups that we're talking about.