 All right, looks like the next one I have is Naomi. So Naomi, I'm going to ask you to unmute yourself. Can you unmute? Hold on, let's see if I can ask you. There we go. Hi. How are you? Good. So I was able to do a private money loan last week and then you came into our Zoom on Monday. I think it was or Wednesday, sorry, last week. So I did the data trust in the promissory. No, I didn't do it JV because it was a straight private money loan. Yeah, it was just a percentage. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't need, yeah, unless you're taking a percentage of the actual transaction itself, you know, you're saying, okay, I have my lender over here. And then the lender could be you, right? But I have my lender lending loan. So I'm just seeing into the over here that's going to make you the loan. I found the loan. So I want a portion of the transaction, you know, as well. But if you're not doing that, if you're like, hey, I'm good just making a loan, securing it by a deed of trust and taking my, you know, 8% 10% 15% interest, whatever amount you choose and is allowed by whatever state law you're in, then, you know, that's fine. You just need the note and deed of trust or the mortgage if it's a mortgage state. Okay. So my question is though, like if I were to do a transactional lending and let's say it's like a larger amount, like 300,000 and you have two people putting in 150,000 each. Like how would that work with this paperwork? This paperwork won't work for that. This paperwork is earnest money only. This is like a 5,000, 10,000, you know, down for, you know, a 30 day period and then you're out. That's what this paperwork is. You know, somebody, you know, you're looking for a wholesaler that basically doesn't want to come out of pocket, wants to go find the transaction is good, you know, obtaining an earnest money. Maybe the seller wants a 5 grand, 10 grand earn is Mayan Holsar is used to a thousand bucks or 500 bucks and they don't want to come out pocket for that. So they go and they find, you know, somebody who's willing to lend that on a short-term basis. But then when you're going to lend it as the gator lender, you're saying, okay, I'm going to lend it. But instead of me charging you, and you can, you can charge, you know, you can structure it however you want. But, you know, instead of me just getting, you know, interest on 5,000 dollars, I'm going to want, you know, a percentage of the transaction or a fee or something like that. You know, so you have, you know, your options here, which is a lender compensation. This is above and beyond the amount that's going to be returned to you. So, you know, I'm going to loan you, I'm going to loan you 5 grand, you're going to pay me 5, you know, 6,500 back, you know, so 5,000 plus 1,500, which you would put the 1,500 right here. Or I want a percentage of your assignment fee, you know, I want 10, 20, 30% of your assignment fee, I'll give you the money, but I'm going, I want a portion of, you know, the profit or I want this amount or a percentage of your assignment fee whichever is greater. So, you can say, hey, look, you know, I guess there could be a fourth option. I want this amount plus, instead of an or here is plus a percentage of the assignment fee. You couldn't do that. You could add up for the box here to take a flat amount plus a percentage of the assignment fee if that makes sense. Okay, so this is actually, it says the earnest money, long agreement with the whole sale. Yes, that's exactly right. Okay, and then, sorry, I had another question. Sure. I purchased contract. That one, there's so many different versions. I got one from Caleb Christopher recently. Okay. He's doing the transaction coordinating and it has an extra section, section 13. I mean, none of that really matters, right? You just need the earnest money clause to be. Yeah, you can use whatever, you know, honestly, you can use whatever purchase contract you want. The issue that, that, you know, the concern is that if the purchase contract is not, is not done correctly, then, and is not a good form contract because there's a lot of bad form contracts out there. And I see them that they don't have stuff in there protecting the whole sale or protecting the earnest money deposit. So you want to make sure that the whatever purchase contract you're using that it allows for a cancellation during the inspection period. And then it has a provision in there basically instructing the escrow agent to return the earnest money during the inspection period. That's what you're most worried about. But you also want to, you know, have a successful transaction. So there's other things that you may want to see in that purchase contract like a 10 day cure period, which means that, hey, if we don't close, because maybe the in buyer is, is flaking out, we can cancel our assignment, get rid of that in buyer. And then we have 10 days to go find someone else. Now, you know, in addition to protecting your earnest money, you're protecting also your compensation, because you don't get compensated unless the thing, you know, successfully closes. Right. Okay. And I asked, Paces last week, but I'm just wondering from a legal perspective, what you think is that I was getting some pushback entitled companies regarding this contract saying, well, doesn't really matter what you put in contract, our state laws, Trump, whatever you put in the contract. So we require during the cancellation parties to release it in a state like California, Texas, Florida. What are your thoughts on the whole state laws from being what you put in contract? Well, it's going to, right? I mean, there are certain state laws, federal laws that you can't contract around. And now, what's interesting is I would like to see those state laws. I, I, you know, I'm not sure it is a state law. I would want to know, okay, well, tell me the code, you know, and statute that states this. My understanding is a lot of times it's more of the title companies being risk adverse in having their own requirements in place. But even then, you know, there's, there's what the law provides and what a title company will do. And they're not always the same thing, you know, in Arizona, we don't have this issue. The purchase contract says that you can cancel during the inspection period and receive for any, you know, you're just at the buyer's discretion and receiver return of your earnest money deposit. And the title company is just give give it back. You know, it's an issue outside of Arizona. But I would be curious if the title company says, well, state law is going to Trump say, okay, you know, show me the statute. And frankly, I would be interested in seeing those statutes, you know, so. Naomi, if you come across that, you know, and have a title company that, you know, is, is quote unquote relying upon state law, see if they'll give you the statute and send it to me. I would be curious to see what that looks like. Okay, that's a good one to ask. Thank you. But that's it. So I can use this earnings main loan agreement for the bigger, like just cut out line, a bigger transaction, be split this way. You cannot use the earnest money. This is only for, for earnest money. Yeah, this is not for you're going to want to use like what we talked about before. For if you're going to be providing, you know, transactional funding, other than, you know, an earnest money deposit loan, you know, but you're going to be actually coming in with, you know, alone or an investment into the transaction. In the case, you're going to want to have a, either an operating agreement or a joint venture agreement in place, saying what percentage of the, of the pie you're receiving on that property, and then you're going to want, if you're making a loan versus a capital contribution, for example, or an investment or payment of expenses. But it's a loan that's going to be, so let's address this. And I want you guys to understand what, what the difference is between making a loan and why is this significant and making an investment into the transaction. The reason is, is because the loan gets paid first, it's a obligation of the entire transaction, if you will, it's an obligation of everybody involved. You know, so if you have, if let's say hypothetically, you have $300,000 to distribute. And you have put in 100, your, whoever partnered with you or joint venture with you put in 100, then you guys get your 100 back and then you split $50,000, right. If you have $300,000 and you put in 100, but instead of putting in as an investment, you put it in as a loan, your loan gets paid back first, right. So it goes to 200,000, well, I guess this scenario works out the same way. Bottom line is your loan gets paid back before the expenses are paid, whatever you invested before investments are paid. So the order of priority for repayment in a transaction and the way things are structured is all debts of the property get paid paid back first, right, from the sale of the property. So, you know, that gets paid because you're a secured lender that gets paid first. So if let's say the properties under water, then in that case, you know, you get, you're going to get paid back first before, you know, the investors. So if, if, if your investor is going to lose money, you're still going to get paid back first. Does that make sense. So yeah, I'm not doing a very good job explaining this. Let me see if I can hold on. Let me see if I can bring something up here. I think basically what you're trying to get to is just that anybody who's secured any kind of promise or a note or they're on the deed of any kind, that gets paid first, right. The lenders would get paid second, and then the leftover is the profit at which you would share. Right. So let's say hypothetically that you made a loan for a hundred. This is a better hypothetical. You made a loan for a hundred. So the other person invested money. So you, you made a loan for a hundred. The other person invested a hundred, right. But the market goes down and you guys decide we just got to unload this asset. We got to get rid of this property, right. So there's only a hundred and fifty thousand dollars in equity available from the sale of that hundred and fifty. Your loan gets paid back first. So you get your hundred thousand dollars first. Then that leaves fifty thousand to repay the other investor. They're hundred thousand. Now they're fifty short, but you're still out a hundred percent. Does that make sense. That's the significant of the loan is that it gives you a greater priority than just making an investment. Because if you make just an investment, then you would only get seventy five back and you would be twenty five thousand dollars short. Does that make sense. Yeah. Now I get it. Okay. Thank you. That's a better explanation. Okay. Perfect. All right. Naomi. Thank you for your question.