 Think about the advantage that you have now going to the marketplace and saying, not only can I help you sell your deals, but I can fund your earnest money. And more importantly, I can give you proof of funds and credibility, which is another resource that I want to talk to you guys about. So proof of funds and credibility are massive, especially right now in today's age. There are so many sellers that are like, well, what's the name of your LLC? Who are you? Where are you attached? What properties do you own? What's your bank balance? What's your proof of funds? What all of those things are currently a challenge for most wholesalers and most people starting out in the business, okay? So they'll ask, where do I get a proof of funds? Has anybody ever seen that question asked in Olsel hotline or Sunday service or what have you? Like somebody is always asking the question, where do I get a proof of funds? How do I get credibility? I don't even have an LLC. I don't have a this. I don't have a that. Okay? So what I'm going to show you guys in the gator training in the future, and I'm going to show you guys when those dates are happening and all that kind of stuff, I'm going to show you guys how to put a credibility package together so that you can go to new wholesalers, new people in the business and say, leverage my credibility to get your deal done as long as I get a portion of the assignment, portion of the cash flow, portion of the equity, portion of whatever. You don't even have to have money to have the credibility. I'm going to show you guys how to put all that together, okay? In all the training. So there's also a lot of people that are agents that don't get trained this stuff from their broker. And I will show you guys how to do this stuff as well. Even if you're not an agent, I'll show you how to do it. If you are an agent, you have some additional benefits. I'll show you guys how to bring some extra value. Okay? So let me go back to screen share so you guys can understand this. All right. So if you're a sub two student, I'll be giving you a full credibility package on a website. It will give a lot of power to you. This allows you to JV at a whole other level, like a crazy other level. You can get part of the assignment. You can also help them sell the deal. Now a lot of people that are gator lending, they're not helping people sell the deal, which is kind of crazy to me. It's like you already have these people wanting to work with you. Why not? Right? Why not help them sell the deal? And I get a lot of people that say the stuff like, well, that's not my business model. Cool. Whatever your business model is, perfectly fine. Okay? Now, here's another one. The majority of wholesalers don't know how to fill out their paperwork properly or even which paperwork to even use. You can help represent them on the agent side. Depending on the state, the full country will require agency in less than five years. Let me, let me say this to you guys one time. You can disagree with me. All you want you can tell me I'm wrong. And time will only tell Arizona just passed a wholesaling law. Arizona just passed a wholesaling law that you have to state to your seller that you are a wholesaler. You have to put it in your contract that you are a wholesaler. You have to use the word wholesaler in your contract or else it's a null and void contract. And you can be given a misdemeanor. Okay? So that's an Arizona. That's my hometown. Guys, I can tell you where this is going right now. Everybody in the nation, everybody in the nation in the next five years is going to be required to be licensed. It's going to happen. And so what I'm going to be doing this year is I'm going to show you guys how easy it is to get your license. That's for me to be a real estate agent, but I'm going to be an agent investor and I'll show you guys how easy it is to get your license. But it's happening. Okay? It's happened in I don't need to go through all the states that's already happened in Texas is currently going through legislation Texas guys Texas. The state that is, you know, so, you know, right wing is coming against you as wholesalers. Everybody is going to be required to be a licensed agent in order for you guys to wholesale or do a lot of this business. So you know what Arizona just passed the law saying you have to you have to require you are required to state you are a wholesaler. Fun. Really fun. And you can say, well, it's not going to happen. It's going to take a long time. Guys, I intend on being in this business a long time. So either you get ahead of the title wave that's coming or you freaking get washed ashore with that title wave. You got to choose you got to choose which one you want. So the advantage for being an agent, okay, for people out there that are actually agents, the advantage for you guys, okay, is, yeah, there you be, be proactive or be reactive. Those are the only two choices. You can help out with the paperwork and also help with the TC work or transaction coordination. Every resource equals a return. Okay, so there's times right now where my office people call us in our local market and go, I don't know how to fill out a contract. I don't know how to fill out a contract. So what we're going to be doing guys in the gator training is one of the resources that you can bring to a wholesaler is understanding how to truly fill out a contract. Not some YouTube training, not something where you're watching somebody else do it and there's no live Q&A. Every state has different laws. Every state has a different set of paperwork that has to be adjusted or accommodated. We're going to teach you guys by bringing in multiple attorneys and multiple title companies. And for a lot of people out there in the audience know that Jamil and I are expanding our title company and our lending business nationwide. So we're going to be helping you guys be the authority in your local market. So when wholesalers come to you and go, I don't know how to fill out my contract. Guys, you know how many times contracts are filled out incorrectly and then those wholesalers don't know how to file a memorandum. They don't know how to protect themselves. They don't know how to go and make sure that they open up escrow properly. We're going to teach you guys how to use that as a resource to insert yourself into other people's deals. But chunks of other people's deals by actually understanding how to run a transaction and how to do the paperwork. Pretty simple, but that is a resource that you can utilize to help people out. Okay.