 So Mike says, paste, don't you think having the title company on board is important to a smooth deal, even with good documents? Thank you for that statement, Mike, because this helps hammer that home really well. 100% having the title company on board and how to talk to them, making sure they understand having them confirm and writing, whether it's email or even signing a document, stating they understand the process and what you're planning on doing is absolutely 100% a requirement not a suggestion. And you know, for five seconds, why aren't you touched on the fact that not all title companies are the same and I don't have a fill up here. They're, do you, you know, I think it's important to vet those title companies ahead of time. Yeah, and we'll do that. Like I've got the good thing about Sean St. Clair's, I'm going to be spending, you know, $475 an hour for every hour he spends with us, but he has a Facebook group that is full of title companies and closing attorneys nationwide that are investor friendly. And so what we'll be doing is helping build that Facebook group. You don't need a Juan Lopez as we need a list of title companies. No, you don't. Sean St. Clairity has a Facebook group, full of them nationwide. There's not a state he doesn't have a title company or a closing attorney that is willing to do sub to seller finance transactions inside of that Facebook group. And a shout out to that Facebook group. I lost a deal because I trusted a title company that didn't know what they were doing far too long until the deal was too late for closure deal. And later I saw a title company that would have closed that deal on his list right here in, in my town. I lost a deal simply by not making use of that resource. Super helpful for you to bring that up. And it is tough. Like this is the thing, these are the pieces of value that people don't even think of. Like they think, oh, cool. Another Facebook group. Guys, it's taken Sean St. Clair and then my amplification of that Facebook group over two years to get to a point where it provided value to somebody like Mike. It is tremendous amount of hard work that goes into creating value for you guys. It is the name of that Facebook group is, what is it? Real estate investor legal is the name of that Facebook group. Real estate investor legal. Okay. And here's the thing. You will not find sub two contracts in there, seller finance contracts. You will not find title companies or closing attorneys that will provide those documents for you. You will need to work with existing sub two seller finance students of mine to get those. Okay.