 Okay, so check this out. So I've got a deal, 75 acres in Kansas City. I'm not even the developer on it. I didn't find the deal. I'm not developing it. I'm not getting the permits. I'm not managing the contractors. I'm not doing any of that stuff. I then have this developer that comes to me and goes, hey, pace, I know you have access to lending, lines of credit, whatever else. And I'm like, I'm thinking the back of my mind. Actually, I'm kind of tapped out right now. Like I've got the majority of my money out on the street right now. I'm kind of tapped out. I go, how much do you need? He says, I need 900 and something thousand dollars. Okay? So I go, no problem. So what do I do? I found another transactional lender and I put these two people together. So instead of me being the gator, I rassled the gator and I brought the gator to the table. I was a gator rassler. Okay? And I brought the gator to the table and I earned a portion, a percentage of equity in a 75 acre development by putting this much money into the deal. Guys, get freaking creative. You don't have to be the person that's going out and finding the deals. Get creative. Understand how real estate works. It is crazy how powerful this is. Okay? All right. It is called relationships, but I'll show you guys how to do it. How much to start lending from cash? Thousand bucks, 1500 bucks, probably. That's all you need to be a transactional lender. Eva says, pay says, how can I not? I can't. That is very, very true. Okay. So you know what's kind of cool? So check this out. You guys, all my students, you guys know the free Facebook group, right? So I have three full time employees working that Facebook group, the free Facebook group, create a finance with pace more B. And the sole reason I created that Facebook group was for the benefits of my, the benefit of my students. So my students are in a private Facebook group. We have about 3,700 students in there. And I put my, my, my students in a position to go and help all these people in the free group, right? Give the you elevated education, elevated support, elevated everything else. And you go into the people into the free group. So we're going to grow the free group. So that you guys have more people to do transactional lending and gate, you know, gator lending to so that you students that actually go and take action, you guys have more people to lend money to and double your pot, triple your pot, quadruple your pot, et cetera. So what, um, what Daniel, Keanu, you just texted me, oh, you want to take action? Let's do a document where we go. Let's go get a $3,000 line of credit and see how fast we can compound that. I would, I would imagine that if you had a $3,000 line of credit and you did this strategy, um, I imagine you could probably turn that into half a million dollars in your first year. And then not only could you turn that into half a million dollars, but you could also gain equity in lean, you know, real estate in other people's deals.