 Oh, okay. Interesting. Okay. It's a cash deal. I like seeing all my students in here in their, uh, in the Google sheet messing around with the Google sheet. I like it. Okay. Um, showed them pictures of the inside after I walked through and they were unaware. It became a hoarder house. Don't know exact exit strategy with the tight margins on this deal. I mean, you have a $250,000 spread. We don't know exit strategy. I mean, fix it a little bit. It seems like a good deal to me. You buy the deal. You looking, I guess it depends on how much money they're asking for, right? Seven, six, three, two, four, four. Okay. Hello. Hi, is this Tina? This is. This is. Hi, Tina. This is Pace. How you doing? Good. How are you? Good. Did Jonathan or Rick tell you I was going to call? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to call it 3 30. I'm a time, which was an hour ago. So, oh, I'm so sorry. That's okay. I'm a little confused, but we just cleared it up a few minutes ago. So, oh my gosh. I'm so sorry. That's just fine. We're watching. We're just watching a pack of game. Amazing. Well, I'll be, I'll be quick. I, I'm just kind of reading the notes. I'm the person that just writes all the checks. And so I'm not really savvy and the conversations on the front end. I'm usually the person that just writes all the checks to for the deals we buy. And it looks like you guys were looking for. 3 14 is your payoff plus your guys are trying to get some money for mom, right? Correct. Is, is mom's not living in the house is she? She is. Okay, got it. And if we buy the deal, separate question, I guess. If we buy the deal and we, we do all that, where's mom going to go? To my sisters. Got it. Okay, cool. So she's got a place to go. That's good. Second question is, are, do you know a specific dollar amount you're looking for to get with mom? Well, first of all, you know, my husband's on the call too. His name is Aaron. Hey, Aaron, how you doing? Good. Hey, sorry. I'm great. So sorry for, I'm sorry for financial guy. Sorry for the mix up on the timetable. I'm looking at my sheets as 230 my time and I apologize, whatever happened there. No problem. So we, yeah, we, we owed Jonathan kind of a number of what we were hoping, you know, to be able to put towards building an addition on team as sisters house. Oh, that's smart. So it, I mean, it's looking, I mean, we're just kind of going off rough estimates, you know, cost per square foot, et cetera. But it's looking like it's going to have to be a stick built addition and it's probably going to be in the ballpark and 50,000. Yeah, which might, which means it might even be more than that. Yeah, exactly. So, you know, Jonathan and Rick, Rick had been very open and honest and, you know, it's been a good transaction. I mean, you guys obviously keep people to deal with. And I like to tell them, I know you're in this, you've got to make a profit. You know, I know there's a potential on this house with some investment. So I guess the number I would throw out there and we haven't told Jonathan this yet, because we haven't had a second call since that last conversation. Yeah. But knowing, you know, we probably need 50 to get mom settled. Okay. And the graph, I mean, I don't even know, 365 is a is a palatable number for you guys or not. But I guess that's the number that I'm that we're coming up with. Okay. So here, this is why I call it because I'm the one that gets a little bit creative on stuff. Let's say that 365 is a good number for you. And from an investment standpoint, can I do you mind if I walk you through like the flow of what we do? So you understand where our money comes from? No, please do. So we don't buy anything cash. Okay. Everything comes from lenders or private money lenders that we raise capital and we pay interest on that money while we're renovating a house. So let's say I buy the house for 365. Usually we'll put like 10 to 15% down, but we're going out and getting a loan for that 365. Does that make sense? Yep. Okay. And then once we own the property, we've got payments that we're making to that lender. And then on top of that, we have a secondary lender that will come in and pay for the renovation, right? Whether that's 75 grand or 100 grand doesn't matter. We go out and get a secondary lender for that capital. Okay. Of which we are paying interest on as well on top of the existing 365 interest. Sure. Okay. So I look at this and I'm like, this is mom. You guys got to take care of mom makes a lot of sense. We've got to go out and get a loan to pay that 314 off. My thought is why don't you let us fix and flip the property and give you like $50,000 to start working on the the addition at your sister's house. And we pay off the existing 314 once we finish the renovation and sell the house. But what if you can't sell it at whatever your price is or what if it doesn't sell? Well, I think I'm sure you guys see the potential of the house. I doubt that would be an issue. So just let me read back to you what's rolling through my head. Yeah, of course. So we would maintain the mortgage. Well, you know, we'd maintain the mortgage. They can't promise you guys come in to your capital to do the improvements. Right. Then here's where I got a little lost. Sell the house. Yes. Which would still technically be a mom's name. Correct. And then because if you think about it, right, if I go get a loan for 314 grand, not only am I going to have to pay interest on that, I'm going to have to pay lender points and underwriting fees and all that kind of stuff. So it costs the $365 purchase price doesn't work out to $365 for us. It actually works out to like $375 or $380 when you add all that stuff in. Yeah. So what we do is we agree on a price and we say, okay, we're going to pay off the 314. Once we finish the renovation, we put it on the open market, our buyer comes to the table, brings their money to title and escrow and their money pays off the 314. Meanwhile, I've already given you the $50,000 two months prior when you vacated the property. So you have $50,000 to work on the addition. Plus that is the $50,000 is your security as well. So what is typically, if you did something like that, what's typical turnaround time? I mean, or how many mortgage payments are we having to make in the... Well, actually, I would suggest you let us make the mortgage payments. Because think about it. When your mortgage payment is what, how much is the mortgage payment? It's like 1912, I think, a month. Okay, so at your 1912 a month, you know what, I would be paying if I went and got a lender for the 365. I'd be paying probably $3,500 a month. So you're saving me money by allowing us to just make the payment. So we would make the payments while we renovated. So you give us the $50,000... Sorry, we have love dogs. So you give us the $50,000 and even though we keep the long, you... We'll pay it. You pay the payments. There's Aaron still there? I just didn't know if you ran the dogs out the back door or something. So if you think there's two things that actually benefits me. Okay, so when we buy the house, we not only have to acquire it through giving a lender. And we pay lender fees. They usually charge 2% up front. So like for a $365,000 purchase price, I'd pay $7,000 in just funding fees. That's not even my interest next month and the month after, etc. So if we need to move the purchase price up to $365, then I'm saying, look, let's figure out instead of giving a lender $7,000 in funding fees up front, why don't we not force us to get alone? Right? Because you'll save me funding fees. You'll save me title and escrow fees on the front end. And then the payments that I make at $1900, those are actually half of what my payment would be if I went out and got that lender. So you're actually saving me a lot of money. Yeah, my concern and one of the reasons for wanting to actually sell the house right now is just the liability of homeowners insurance and what if there was a fire or Well, you have homeowners insurance, right? And then what we do when we go in and renovate a property is we have an additional insurance policy on top of that. Yeah, that's a question I've got. Let's say a contractor is working in there and has some significant injury. It's happened. We have a guy on her career lost a finger a couple years ago and our insurance paid for it. So does your insurance default as the primary for situations that revolve around the construction? Yes, so we have general liability for the construction company. We have workman's comp for the actual people working on the crew and then we have an umbrella policy for the project itself. So so issues like earthquakes, fire, I mean, you know, an earthquake or fire would typically be the homeowners insurance. Right, so that would default next to us. Correct. Yeah. Okay, because we have a there is somebody that wants a close friend of the family that wants to buy you know, make payments on the house like a rent owned kind of deal. And I told no, he said, I don't want to carry the liability of the house. Yeah, I would say that most of the people that we hear that have bad stories with that are the ones that are doing rent to own two friends and family. Those things work out horribly. Yeah, exactly. So just to go back to the original question. So you would make the payments 50k would be up front and then at the end when you find a buyer or a closing cost all that you guys take care of that. Yep. You get you get 365 you're done, right? And essentially we pay off the existing 314 once I find my buyer. But you've already walked away with your 50 grand. I'm making payments along the way. The utilities get transferred into my name. So like power, water, sewer, all that kind of stuff. Are we pay for that? So the only thing we're maintaining is the homeowners insurance. Correct, but we will be paying for that because it should be included in your mortgage payment, right? That's true. Yeah. Yeah. That should be included in the mortgage payment. We're paying for that even though it still is in mom's name. Okay. What is typically what do you feel is the fair timeline for as far as clean up renovations and selling? It's a big project and we're heading into the worst part of the year to sell a house. So I would plan on not having the house out of mom's name until probably January, maybe the first week of February. You know, and if we were kind of looking at that time frame anyway, so if we put a house on the market in November, December, we just shoot ourselves in the foot. So usually we just wait until January 15th anyway. Okay. Even if we finish the renovation on, let's say December 22nd, I wouldn't put the house on the market until January 15th till people get back to life, you know. Believe me, we live in Minnesota. I understand that. Yeah. It's still a house in the winter here. Right. Okay. Um, it's a, it's guys, it's a lot to think about, right? A lot of, a lot of people have never heard of this method. And essentially what we call it is we call it partnering with the seller. Okay. So you guys are the seller. We essentially not legal partners, but we just go, and when we acquire a property, and we go and get lenders and we pay closing costs to acquire your property, man, does it get expensive? And that's why a lot of times these home, um, these investors are lowballing you is because it's not that they're really trying to take advantage of you. It's just very expensive to fix and flip a house. So if we can mitigate and get rid of some of those costs up front, like lending fees, closing costs, and heavy interest payments throughout, then we can come up to that 365 as long as we both come to the table with some value. Right. Um, just a question here. So let's, let's say that I'm just going to give an extraordinary high number just for the purposes of illustration. Let's say that you find a buyer and you guys did a kick-ass job and the house goes for, yeah. Uh, five 65. Yeah. So now there's like 200 grand in, um, profit on the house, so capital gains, all that stuff. How, how does that get? I mean, would, would, would mom be faced with a capital gains on the sale house? She would be, she would be taxed the five, the 365 and anything above that. The other thing is like, let's say that there is a $200,000 spread, but our renovations, you know, $100,000, whatever it is. Um, and then also when we sell it, let's say hypothetically, we, I think our numbers like 515 is what we would end up selling it for, but let's say we get some crazy number at 565. You never know. If we get a number at 565, what's going to happen is I, as the person selling the house, I got to pay the seller's agent who's representing us. I got to pay the buyer's agent who's representing the buyer. We've got closing costs, all that kind of stuff. So that comes out of that 565. So does our renovation, so do our payments along the way to your mortgage, so do our payments to the private lender who brought the renovation. Like it's not a full $200,000 profit. It's probably even if we hit it out of the park at 565, we probably are making 40 grand. Okay. So for, for you, the only thing mom gets taxed on is the 365. And whatever part of that is an actual gain, and I don't know what the actual gain is there. Do you guys know what the actual gain is? I don't know what that means. So it means like did she buy it for 200 and now she's selling for 365. So they built it. They built it and then she did she get a refinance or something? Oh yeah, refinance 100 times. Yeah, so she's going to have a gain, guys. She'll have she'll end up having a gain that probably how old is she? 70. Okay, so she's younger. Yeah, but she's not in great health. Okay. So the, here's the challenge. She is going, it's been her primary residence. So we should probably have a conversation with a CPA regardless and see what's going on with her situation. There's a high possibility she doesn't get taxed on anything. Okay. So it goes back to the cost to build the house in 1974 or whatever it was. What it goes back to a lot of times is that they'll say if you've lived in your property two of the last five years, you don't pay capital gains, anything under $500,000. And it sounds like that's the pot. That's what's going on. She currently lives there, right? Yeah, correct. Yeah. So you're, you're the high possibility for paying. This is showing us her primary residence, right? Yes. Yeah, you guys don't have the issue. No. I know that when you're selling and then turning around and buying again, it usually washes out, but this is not that kind of situation. Oh, yeah, you're talking about a 1031 exchange. The only thing that a 1031 exchange pertains to is if it's not your primary residence. And you can pull that up. It's two of the last five years if she's shown as her primary residence, two of the last five years, she won't pick capital gains. Okay. And you won't need it. The only reason you need a 1031 exchange is that when you do have a, we use 1031 exchanges all the time because we're, we'll buy and sell something. And instead of taking that money as our profit, we want to roll that money into the next block so we don't pay taxes. That's that's the only time you would use that is when it's a non primary residence. Okay. Okay. I would take a note here. You can take all the notes that you're going to need more conversations than this for sure. Yeah. And you guys are what city is this in again? Oregon city. Okay. Do you guys have like a title, escrow, anybody you trust there that can do the paperwork for us? We can, we can work with somebody you trust if not, we know multiple people up there. We don't. We live in Minnesota. Whoever you're comfortable with is fun. Okay. And is there going to, do you know, I don't know how often you deal with this? The fact that it's my mother's house, I'm the power of attorney or personal representative. How do you want to call it? Is, is she going to need to be signing anything or is it a people for me to be signing stuff? 100, you guys already went through probating did all that stuff or do you need to? No, there is no prob, there has been no probating. Okay. You were just named as the personal representative if you are then yes, I, we do not need your mom for anything. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I've never dealt with this before so I don't. I mean, you know what? 99% of people on the planet never will. So you guys are definitely in the 1% for sure. I mean, she is capable of signing. It's just, she's a homebound and in a wheelchair and it's just difficult to, she's not no internet savvy and us being 2000 miles away. Right. It's easier to just deal with everything here. It's all easy stuff. We can do mobile notaries because there will be some stuff that needs to be notarized. We can do mobile notaries that caught, we usually pay for that's like 150 bucks. I'm not only am I an odory that I can't notarize my own signature but I have access to notaries. Oh nice. Okay. It works. I don't know if that matters. It helps. You're going to give me if you're going to get me a discount, I'll take it. It doesn't matter. It does. It really does. It all adds up. It's the same thing like for mom's addition at the sister's house. Like I, you know, I know what construction costs and I know how challenging it is to have contractors and stuff like that. And so when you said, hey, is 365 unreasonable? I'm like, let's figure, I wouldn't have come to you with this idea unless you had come up to that number. And now it's like, how do we solve that? How do we get you that number? If it was just a cash transaction, I'd be at 365's too high. Because then I got to pay funding fees and closing costs and high payments along the way. And now I'm I'm sitting there saying, man, I'll break even at the end. I literally will break even. But if we go this route, we actually stand a chance to make a decent return. And you guys get a number that makes solves the problem and gets mom what she needs. Yeah, it's a win win. I would, you know, that's an interesting thing too. I know it's your sister's house that's getting the addition, but that will improve the value of her property. Will you guys have some sort of agreement together as a family that's at some point you guys get some of that value back? I don't know because I mean, to be honest, she'll be doing all the day today care of my mom and I hate to drop a ton of money and then have her be here on one of the briefed those benefits. But she's kind of earning it back in the. That makes sense. The really shitty part that irritates the enemy is the houses in this condition because of that sister. And now we're going to go around and improve her property for the long term. It's like, this is why I asked the question is because every time I deal with somebody that has gone through a similar situation and the personal representative was named the personal representative for a reason because you're the most responsible person in that family. There's always a sibling that either A doesn't appreciate you for what you're doing or B has caused a lot of the problems that got us here in the first place. Yeah, exactly. And she has, but on the other hand, you know what, I never expected personally to benefit from, you know, like I didn't expect it inheritance. I didn't expect you know, whatever, as long as it's not my, as long as I am not paying 50,000 of my own money to fix my sister's house. Yeah. You know what, let her get all the inheritance. I don't care. I mean, I know that probably sounds weird, but no, it doesn't. You're just sweet. Fighting for me. Right. Peace is more important to you than anything else. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I understand. I see it all the time. And I've seen siblings fight over vacuums. So, so take all of the stuff out of the home as well. So it's, yeah, you don't need to deal with it. Yeah. Well, you guys want to compile some questions or what do you guys, what are your thoughts? Yeah, I think now that we kind of have an idea of, you know, what reality could look like. I mean, mom knows that we're reaching out to you guys and trying to figure this out. The other side of it is the sister was supposed to have had some estimates for this construction. And she's, as I expected, done nothing with that. So we probably need to sit down with her and say, look, if you have an alternate, you know, if you have a contract or mine or whatever, you need to get a number at least ballpark. And we need to see if it matches up with what we're, with basically with what we've found with generalities and we've thrown out there. Do you do this kind of thing, your financial person, you know, and you kind of understand the situation as well. We were thinking, you know, take the, if we get the 50,000, put it in an account and pay the contractors or whatever directly, not just give it to my sister to fix her house up. Oh, yeah, I do not do that. And then what you need to do, like, this is what we do for the contractor side. Every time we hire a contractor, we have them sign a contract that states that there are no change orders. There are no additions. And for every day, they're late. They have to pay us $200 per day back towards the estimate. And wow, you will get some honest contractors. And you'll, you'll weed out the knuckleheads that are going to lie to you, right? So for sure, put it in an escrow account. What I would do, we do this a lot of times. And I've seen a lot of sellers do this. Is the money that comes to you, usually you can hold it at the title company or the escrow company and have the escrow or title company disperse money to the contractor directly. So you don't have to touch the money and your sister doesn't have access to it. Okay, we're going to, would we be using an escrow for this? Yeah, yeah, we do. Okay, for the 50,000, though, I mean, yeah, we, well, we, oh, it's exactly. So we put an agreement together in that agreement and the $50,000 goes to a title company. And you tell the title company what you want that $50,000 due because I have to send that money somewhere that's trackable. I can't just send you 50 grand. I've got, I've got to open the agreement. And if I send the 50,000 to the title company, it's okay for it to be dispersed to you. I don't care where it goes. But for me, for trackability, I at least need to send it to the title company first. Yeah. And so in that situation, you have a decision. Do you want to have it dispersed to you directly and you have control of it? Or do you want to set it up for your sister and go, hey, sister, just so you know, we don't have the money. It's actually the title company. And as the contractor completes the work, then it will get dispersed to them over time. Okay, okay, yeah, it's a good option to know about. Yeah, I got all the options. We've been doing this for a long enough time. I know like all the things and totally get it. You don't want your sister to be set, even though like your sister's a little bit of a challenge and she's caused issues, you still don't want her to be suspect of you. You know, you do care at least. So whatever, whatever is easy for you. The bitter part is she's my older sister. Oh, wow. Of course, it's always that way. It's always like a younger sibling is more responsible. It's so funny. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so I didn't finish what I was saying, but we need to get her sister to give us some sort of agreement that yeah, that number sounds right. We need to then chat with mom and say, here's how this would work. This is a guarantee what you would walk away with. You know, got to make sure she is comfortable with the entire transaction. And then I guess once we've got that agreement from her and we've got agreement on the number, then I think it's just a matter of what's the timeline and and go from there. Love it. You guys take your time. We want to make sure it's a win-win. Normally in like a cash transaction, if I just came in with all money and we paid off the loan and all that stuff, I'd want to go fast. Yeah. But with you like we're coming up, we've got to make sure that mom gets the money she needs for the addition. Let's take our time. Do you guys figure out whatever you need and when should we follow up? I would say was it Sunday night? You think we can get all your mom on your sister's time? Oh, you guys don't need to rush it. It's late. No, but it's one of those things where it's together on the lawns spends the weekends over there with the grandkids and stuff. So they might be in the same house right now and we could get them on a conference call. And try to get some of those answers. Love it. Okay. It's easiest for us to have that transparency of everybody's home to call together. So there's no piece said she said or she said she said. So if we can get that call done tonight, we'll probably need to give mom a little time to you know process everything because it's a big deal for her. Well, it's not just a big deal. It's also this type of transaction. I had to explain it to you guys twice. You know, it's like this is not. She'll never grasp it. She'll just defer to us on that. Got it. Okay. The fact that my dad just passed away last November. They lived and they built that house and lived their home. You know, marriage in it and it's going to be hard for her to leave that house. Oh, yeah. She's on board with selling it. She understands that it's still going to be difficult. Yeah, and there's there's another awkward conversation that's got to happen with her and that is you've been there 45 years and you know, they didn't really throw anything away. So it's time to part ways with some of this stuff. Yeah, that's always a hard one. Now you do. So and frankly, her sister still has a bunch of crap in that house. So she's going to have to be comfortable with the deadline for getting that out. Yeah. My sister just moved out six months ago. They've lived there for 20 years too. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Hence the condition. I don't know if you've seen any of the photos. Yeah, they sent it to me. Yeah. It's it's rough. That's all my sister. That's not my mom. Yeah, it's 45 years even even in any normal situation is a lot of stuff to accumulate. You know, yeah. So anyway, did you say you were thinking this would be a two month construction? No, it's probably depends on when we close, but when we actually can start on it, I would say it's probably 75 days construction. Okay. So we I would actually I would plan on regardless of how long the construction is, I would plan on us putting it on the market to sell it around January 15th, something like that. Yeah. And then it would probably take another four or three to four weeks to to finalize the transaction. Yeah. So if we backed 75 days out roughly from January 15th, we're probably a good guy. First in November as you guys being able to get in there and whenever you I mean, if you guys came to us and said, Hey, mom's going to be out of the house in two weeks. We could make something happen. So you just let us know when you're ready. Okay. It's more likely to be a lot slightly longer. Yeah, I get I totally get it. I think it will be. It's going to require us making a trip out there and emptying out the garage and you know, it's a lot of balls in there. Right. Okay. Well, it's it's good to know that there's options that can make this work better for for you and us. And yeah, if you guys get an investor that comes along and is willing to pay more for us, don't they won't hurt our feelings if you guys go a different direction. Just let us know. But we're we're here to solve the problem in any way we can. Well, we've just really enjoyed working with all of you guys so far that we're not really entertaining much of I mean, we've gotten some other codes, but we're not really putting the effort into you know, you guys clearly are more serious than anyone else is and you much more professional and open and honest and oh, thank you. I mean, that's that's huge. So, um, that's our goal. Yep. Well, you guys let me know how it goes. Well, I don't we touch base in, I don't know, two or three days and let's see what we can do to move forward. Yeah, sounds good. So as far as reaching back out, should we make you the point of contact now instead of Jonathan or I'm the one that finds them. I'm the one that finds all the money and cuts all the checks. Jonathan's the main guy that's going to help like physically move everything forward. Okay. So if you can't get a hold of them, you're you're you're more than welcome to reach out to me. Okay, so make him the first point of contact just to if for nothing else it keeps him in the loop and then he can relay timelines and whatever to you. Right. Okay. Um, yeah, hopefully in a couple days we'll be able to reach back out to him and have a better idea of timeline and stuff and you know, everything that all the balls that are in the air hopefully we can freeze frame some of them. Love it. Thank you so much. Yeah, likewise, I appreciate time. Yes, same here. Talk to you soon. Have a good lunch. All right, bye. Bye. You