 Great Amy, I get it. I understand what private money is. You're telling me it's anywhere and everywhere. I can go raise money from my Uber driver. Yes, that is exactly how Larry the retired physician ended up being one of my private money lenders. So let's get started. Where do I get this money? I'm going to show you five very specific strategies. You guys can start implementing this tonight. We're going to make another mindset shift. Instead of thinking, I can't raise money because I don't have any experience. Let's squash that you guys. I can raise money by building my foundation first. And this is huge. Building your foundation starts with confidence. All right. So what does that mean? You guys, we got to be confident in who we are and what we're doing. What's in it for us? What's in it for them? What is our investment strategy? Why are we leveraging off of OPM, other people's money? So the very first thing you can do, it begins with word of mouth. Tell anyone and everyone who you are and what you are doing. Some of you attended my private money workshop in LA this past Sunday. We talked about this quite a bit. You've actually already started to see results. You can use a four second power pitch. It's 12 words. I will read it all off right now to start spreading the word in your community. So here's what you can do. Anytime you encounter someone, whether it's someone you've been seen in a while or maybe a complete stranger and they say, for example, oh, hey, it's so nice to meet you. What do you do for living? Instead of talking about your JLB or anything else that you're focused on, like I never chose to talk about my full time job at the time when I got into real estate, I would go right into my four second power pitch, which is I show people how to earn double digit returns backed by real estate. What do you do? It's so nice to meet you. Right. And I put it back on them on purpose. And they're like, whoa, what real estate double digit returns? Like what are you talking about? Tell me more. Four seconds, 12 or 13 words. So drop that four second power pitch, 24, seven, the minute you leave your house. Now you guys choose, right? If you have jobs where you need to be a little bit more conservative, pick and choose when you use it. But this is what I would use consistently every day for 18 months with my door man at our condo in Chicago and every single Uber ride, airports, airplanes, grocery stores. Yes, cashiers at the grocery store, people working at shops. It works every single time. And all you're doing is you're just you're sprinkling and planting seeds. Everybody wants you to repeat that one more time. What's the line? What's the thing you said? I show people how to earn double digit returns by investing. Amazing. Amazing. I show people how to make double digit returns by investing in real estate. Love it. I've never used that, but I could see how that works. One of the things that I say I love yours actually probably more than mine when I meet people at meetups, even when you guys come to Clevver Summit, if you're not one of my students, I'm going to go right up to actually if you are one of my students, I'm going to say the same thing to you. I always introduce myself and I say, why aren't we doing business together? Literally within meeting somebody in 20 seconds, why aren't we doing business together? Now, I've been saying that before I was doing deals, why aren't we doing business together? Because there's more than one way to do business, right? And what happens is people go, what do you mean? What do you do? How can we collaborate? How can we make money together? It's literally how the first sub-two deal I ever bought. Ever bought was asked that same question. The first private money lender I got was that question. Why aren't we doing deals together? Why aren't we making money together? Why aren't we in business together? Why aren't we doing something together? What would it take for us to do business together? And the cool thing is when you're at meetups, it's almost expectant that these people, like if you're going to meetups or events like Clevver Summit or you're in the sidetrack, how many people in here do you think I have actual private money from? I know a lot of people in here. Okay? I know a lot of people in here that are private money lenders right now in the sidetrack and I also have probably $3 million of people's private money from people just in the sidetrack. Anybody in here that's ever been a private money lender of mine if you feel comfortable, say, high in the sidetrack and say, I've loaned money to pace. Guys, there's private money lenders everywhere. You don't even know it. There's probably a good $50 million in cash sitting in this sidetrack. Legit. Between 1400 people, there's probably $50 million. Don't you think? Absolutely. It's amazing. It's all right. I wrote that down. I literally wrote that down, Amy. I'm sorry. I had to cut you off. That was so good. Say it one more time before you move forward. I show people how to earn double digit returns backed by real estate. Fork and love it. Thank you. So yeah, so this is your word about just dropping bombs, planting seeds everywhere and anywhere you go. You guys, it doesn't matter if the person you're talking to has money because they're going to know somebody who either has cash or assets. So don't worry about that. I'm not telling you to target friends and family. It's anyone and everyone. So that's number one. Number two, we're going to make another mindset shift. Instead of thinking, I can't raise money because I don't know anyone with money. Very normal. It becomes. I can raise money because I have steps. I have a system. And more importantly, I know how to identify a private money lender. We did that earlier today, right? Number two is fundraising events. You guys, this is huge. So when I started raising capital, I was single living in downtown Chicago and this high-rise condo in the heart of downtown and going out a lot with my family, girlfriends, whatever. I finally started to think about, what am I willing to sacrifice? And is it really a sacrifice if I'm replacing activity A with activity B? So activity A is me going out with my girlfriends. activity B is going to a very specific high-end fundraising event. They don't all have to be high-end. I could care less about the Chicago Auto Show. Every year that Auto Show rolled around, I invested in a VIP ticket. It got all dolled up by myself. My heart still races talking about it because it was weird, right? And I would go to this event because who's at these events? You guys, people with what? Money, right? High-net worth individuals, high-net worth businesses. And what did I do with the event? How did I get the conversation started? Oh, hey, Amy, it's so nice to meet you. What do you do for a living? It's the four-second power pitch, right? So everything is very closely linked to one another. The four-second power pitch is your step one from here on out. Think about the fundraising events you can go to, yes, invest in a higher-end VIP fundraising event when you can. Also, you guys have a voice. So what do I mean by that? The next time somebody asks you where do you want to go for lunch, where do you want to go for coffee? Don't just do what I used to do, which is say, oh, whatever, I don't care. You know, just tell me where to go. No, be strategic. You guys, be calculated. Pick a place that you can shop too early or stay later and target prospective private money lenders. What do you say? These coffee shops, bars, or restaurants? Your four-second power pitch, right? That's going to open up the door to everything. And then again, remind yourselves, what are you sacrificing? And is it really a sacrifice if you're working towards crushing your goals? I vividly remember losing two of my best girlfriends when I got started on this journey. And it was very hard for me to accept. I still get goosebumps when I share this story. It took me several years to realize and accept that friendships are seasonal and people come in and out of our lives for a reason. And I now accept that, you know, they're timing our friendship had expired. And that's it, you guys. So yeah, I put a lot in, but the rewards have been astronomical. So that's number two. Number three, instead of thinking, I can't obtain 100% funding because I need skin in the game, right? We hear that all the time. It becomes, I can raise money because I know how to nurture my network, right? And I know how to protect, secure, and ensure my investors. I'm going to explain this before we move on quickly because it came up on the live coaching call earlier today. These three words are key, key, you guys write it down. Protect, secure, and ensure. We protect our private money lenders with a promise or you know, simply, no, simply summarizing the terms and condition of our agreement. We secure their investment because we're recording a mortgage. Attached to the property, right? That's their collateral. They have a tangible asset now. We cannot sell the property without getting a pay off letter from them. And then lastly, we ensure their investment by adding them as a beneficiary or lost P to our builder's risk insurance policy or whatever the deal is. It might be a landlord policy, right? So the third thing that we can do immediately as it pertains to starting to raise capital right now is be more mindful of our online presence. Now I'm talking about two things here. Number one is whether we like it or not, every private money lender we talk to or meet with is going to Google us and go to our website. So you don't have to have a fancy high end website. That's not what I'm saying. Just have something, even a landing page is totally fine. Five bucks a month, whatever. Just something that when you are your lender's GoogleView or they ask for your website, they have somewhere to see who you are and what you do. Number two, as it pertains to social media, if you don't already have these three platforms in place, I would invite you to consider setting up an Instagram account, LinkedIn and Facebook. For those of you thinking, I don't want my friends and family to know what I'm doing, my follow up to that is why. And if they don't support you, it's okay. You're in a tight knit community. Don't talk about what you do to them. Talk about it to your coaches, mentors or other community members. And think about it. You guys social media is free marketing and advertising. There are very tactful and respectful ways that we can highlight what we are doing as new or experience real estate investors on social media. So start posting a variety of diverse content. You don't have anything. Go to HGTV, take stuff from Paces page, start sharing it with your network. You guys are all looking at properties, right? Go take your phones and do a selfie. Hey, you guys about to walk this distress property. Stay tuned for updates. Put it on Instagram. You're not saying it's yours. You're not saying you're going to buy it, but get creative, you guys. So your online presence will also play a role in us seeing results faster when it comes to raising capital. Number four, my one by four by 30 method is a system that I implemented from day one, consistently every single Thursday. So what does that mean? So one by four by 30. One day a week, I would pre-schedule four, 30 minute one on one, every single Thursday morning with prospective private money lenders. Here's what that does not mean. It does not mean that I would wake up Thursday morning and be like, oh snap, I gotta fill my calendar with four phone calls or coffee talks. It's Thursday. No. It means I was strategic and calculated. Friday through Tuesday, I am vetting social media, vetting networking events, making phone calls, talking to people, implementing that four second power pitch to fill my calendar for Thursday morning. And I would schedule these 30 minute coffee talks back to back to back. There's no breaking between. I want the next private money lender to come in and see me talking to somebody so that they see that sense of urgency. Oh, like that person's about to invest with Amy. I better pull the trigger sooner than later. So that's my one by four by 30 method. And a really great way for you guys to get creative and think outside the box is by applying this method on LinkedIn. Now naturally we might be thinking, okay, let's go to LinkedIn and start searching for, you know, investor private money, private money lender completely normal. I would say great start that way. You will get some results. But how do we get creative and think outside the box? So I went into LinkedIn back in the day and I started doing a key term search for financial advisor, investment banker, stock broker. They don't have anything to do with real estate, right? But who do they know? People with money, right? So I'd message them 80% of the time they didn't respond back and no, I did not send them a book of an email. It was two sentences. And the 20% that did respond though resulted in a coffee talk and then referrals and then follow up meetings. So start implementing this one by four by 30 method, make it your own, whether it's two meetings a week or eight meetings a week and think about all the different avenues that you can leverage from when it comes to filling up your calendar. The fifth strategy, which is so funny because Pace you talked about this earlier, is various sorts of entrepreneurial events specifically meet up. You guys, this one was huge for me as well. This LinkedIn strategy I just shared with you in meet up, they were my top two social media strategies for generating millions and millions of dollars. So here's what I would do. I would go into meet up and I would do a key term search for entrepreneurs or venture capitalists. I could have cared less if the entrepreneurial event had anything to do with real estate. I'm talking about I was going to events in the food and beverage industry, the gaming industry, the tech industry, medical industry. It did not matter because every entrepreneur said to build a team and raise money. So guess what? If they don't want to help you or they're not in a position to help you, they're going to know somebody who can. What do you say at these meet up events? How do you open up the conversation with your four second power page? So it's consistency, it's getting creative. Nothing here that I shared with you guys are strategies that we don't have access to or mindset shifts that we can't make on a day-to-day basis, right? These are easy ways for you guys to leverage from the resources around you starting right now. So remember at the end of the day you guys, you're not asking for anything. All you are doing is providing others with an opportunity to invest. You have to believe this, you got to make that mindset shift. Don't even start planting seeds until you believe this because if our audience senses any sort of timidness or uncertainty in our voices, they are not going to invest with us. Done, period, we have lost that lead. So for those of you who are introverts or you're not as comfortable or confident yet, it's not a big deal you guys. Practice, I've given you one script to start with, record yourself, write it down, memorize it, play the recording back, make sure we don't sound you know robotic. Nobody wants to hear those credit card companies, you know, associate us with those credit card companies who call us all the time. So remember, we're not asking for anything. We are providing others with an opportunity to invest. And for those of you who want to get in touch with me, connect with me, I'm always sharing, you know, videos or content or tips and strategies on Instagram. I'd be more than happy to answer any of your questions and pace. I don't know what this time permit for Q&A now or how you would like to proceed.