 Well, how do I get the money? Pace, you paid yourself $5,000 on this deal. How did you get the money? Okay? This is how it works, guys. Here's the deal. Okay? Here's the seller, the seller, and I open escrow at a tight, this is the title company, by the way. Okay? Sellers there, this is me, right? And we're all in contract. Here's our contract. Big old fat seed, this is our contract. Well, the title company, they essentially are abiding by the contract, the purchase price, closing day, all that kind of stuff. Okay? And then they start, they always ask the question, who's paying for this? Okay? They always ask the question, who is paying for this transaction? Right? These girls, they're usually girls, you're very rarely, sorry, I'm not trying to be misogynistic, I'm just real. Most of the time it's an escrow officer because women are actually organized, men are stupid. And you typically have women inside of a title company or an escrow officer, escrow officer, will say who is paying for this? Okay? And the question, the answer always is, for me, my private money lender. So my title and escrow companies never actually ask, they never actually ask who's paying for this, they ask which private money lender should we reach out to? Do you see the difference? What happens? Because my title and escrow company, that's not what they ask. They just know how that's how I do business. Okay? They know that's how I do business. All right? Now, they say which private money lender? So what I do, this is very simple. I go, it's Sonya, call Sonya. And so Sonya and the title company communicate, the title company gives her information, what information they give her, they give her wire info. And then Sonya wires the money to the title company and the money sits at title until the transaction is closed. Okay? A transaction is closed. That is when everybody gets their money. So in this transaction, Sonya paid her $30,000 at sat and title, okay? Sat and title and then what happened is one, seller got paid, right? So the seller got their $2,500. To the agent, Nuckelhead agent couldn't sell the house for six months, $2,500. Third thing they got paid for was closing costs. That was about probably $3,500, something like that, I think. And then for me, the remaining balance went to me. So I actually ended up receiving a large chunk of money, okay? So all of this gets dispersed, that gets dispersed to the seller, okay? Let's minimize this. So this money gets dispersed to the seller, right? Literally through a wire transfer. So the seller, Dave, he received a wire transfer of $2,500. The agent receives a wire of $2,500. Is this helpful for you guys? For people who have never actually seen how an ad deal gets done? Is this breaking it down very simply for you guys? Okay. So the agent that we close ask grow, the transaction's done, the title company then disperses the funds, okay? And the agent gets paid. I should have never even paid that agent, to be honest. But I did it because I wanted to be nice. Closing costs, where do the closing costs go, guys? Where do they get wired to? They don't get wired because they stay at the title company. The title company is holding the 30 grand that was sent to them from Sonya, my lender, okay? How do you vet a private money lender? You don't vet a private money lender, bro. You freaking say, what do you mean? How do you vet them? The way you vet them is do you have money? Come on, bro. Oh, by the way, that is a great question. Never, ever, ever. I got, I already given you a couple of never, ever. Here's a never, ever, never, ever wire money. If you are a private money lender, a lot of my private money lenders are in here. If you are a private money lender, never wire money to anybody besides a closing attorney or a title company, okay? The second thing you should never do is if you are borrowing money from a private money lender, no private money lender will ever ask you to send money to them. Never, because that's a scam. We had a student named Page who got scammed $15,000 and I actually refunded her the money. One of my dumbass students, I'm not gonna say her name, total knucklehead, referred a scam artist lender, unknowingly, had no idea that this was a scam artist lender to one of my other students page. And Page clicked on the link, it went to a website and the website basically said, hey, we'll fund your deal, you just have to give us a $15,000 funding fee. She wired $15,000. It was a really sad story actually. Here's the, here's the story. Page joined my mentorship in 2020, October, okay? She was able to through doing lease options and some Airbnb and she was able to quit her nursing job in like four or five months of being in my mentorship. Then after that, she started accumulating a good amount of capital through her cash flow. She got about $15,000 saved up and then she goes, I'm gonna go do a fix and flip. So she gets this link from one of my knucklehead students. I shouldn't call them dumbass because at the time, I didn't have the 10 rules of sub two. And now inside of our sub two community, there's a rule, never promote somebody. Never promote somebody else's product, ever, ever, ever unless you're willing to cut the check for another student's loss. So we have a very protected community. But what ended up happening is page goes into the private Discord channel and says, hey, I need a lender for this specific fix and flip. So one of our other students trying to be ultra helpful and loving found a lender in another fake ass Facebook group and goes, oh, hey, I saw somebody over here using a lender. And here you go, page, I've never used them. Good thing she said, I never used them before, but here's a link. Guys, don't freaking do that. Don't ever promote a product, a service, a lender, or anything that you haven't personally used yourself. You will never see me do that. If I promote a product or a service, you know I'm using it in my business and I stand by it. And if one of my students says something like, I promote prime corporate services all the time. And my students know if they have a problem with prime corporate services, I will personally call the owner and get it fixed. That is the only type of thing you should promote. Well, guess what happened? Page, her name's Page, she goes and wires 15 grand to a lender, a fake ass lender. And that lender stole her money, $15,000. And it was all the money she had accumulated since quitting her job. So I did a surprise zoom with all my students where I laid out the 10 rules of sub two and I personally wired 15 grand of page to make her whole. And that is the first and last time I'll ever do that for anybody in my community because now I have a rule in my community, never share a product, service, lender, or otherwise that you haven't personally vetted yourself. Okay? So do not ever, if you have a lender that says, yeah, send me a funding fee. Where if for some reason, if you find a lender and you have to put a down payment on the loan, which we'll get into a little bit later, you guys want to hear that, you guys want to send that money where? Where do we send all money? Where do we send all money? Always goes to title, always goes to title, always goes to title, never, ever, ever, ever. Okay? And people that get scammed by these people that are like, yeah, send me a funding fee, guys, you deserve to get scammed. How dumb are you? Why are you sending money to individuals or companies? Send it to a title company. This is why title companies exist. They verify funds, they verify who owns the property, they verify who everybody is. That is why they get paid closing costs. These closing costs, part of the closing costs, if you guys remember, some of you knuckleheads that showed up late, I'm actually paying for title insurance with these closing costs. I'm paying insurance on my lender and paying insurance on the transaction. I'm actually paying an insurance policy, which we'll go through here in a little bit. All right, so what happens is $30,000 gets funded by a private money lender, Sonya in this situation. This truly was my lender. I meet her at a meetup. I told her, you exactly what I told her. So Dave gets paid, the agent gets paid, the closing company, closing costs, they don't get wired, they just stay at the company. That's their money for doing the transaction. So I end up, let's see, what did I end up having? What are my closing costs? Did I say $3,000? Oh, $3,500, okay, cool. So what's left over guys? What's left over is essentially, let's see, what is that? How much is left over? How much did I wire to myself? I could bust out my calculator. $23,500, okay, cool. So I receive $23,500. It gets wired to me, literally to my company. And my company that owns that house is PJ Morby. Actually, no, no, no, no, let's see. Let's, you guys wanna see which company owns that? Let's find out. I don't even know. Isn't that funny? Let's find out. So the, here's how you find out who owns properties, okay? Check it out, this thing, this guy, this is a magical thing. I don't even know who invented it, but look at this. Look at this thing, it's called Google, okay? So let's go to Maricopa, let's see, Maricopa County Assessor, okay? Let's go to the Assessor. And let's go to, let's see, their main site and I'll do a little search over here. I think there's a search bar somewhere. Where's this search? Okay, right here, boom, perfect. Let's see, do I have one? Okay, 27, 20 North Sterling. Oh, look who the owner is, guys. Isn't it amazing you can see who actually owns the property? Okay, now I had a really smart person set up my corporate structure where you guys will not be able to see my name on any of the corporate documents. So if you guys click here, let's go through it, let's see. Well, that's a corporation commission, I think. Let's see, owner, let's go to the APN. Okay, so you guys can go through, there's my address, there's the sales price I bought on that day, all that kind of stuff. So where did the money get wired to for this deal? Where did, who did it get wired to? Did it get wired to me personally? Or where did it get wired to? Okay, got, no, no, no, it was already sitting at title, guys. Guys, it was already sitting at title, you knuckleheads. It got sent to Soaro Cactus Holdings, the company I just showed you, right? I just pulled it up on the website. Okay, I went to Soaro Cactus Holdings, that's one of my holding companies. Okay, I went to Soaro Cactus of which I have a bank account and what did I do with it? Now I've got $23,500 sitting in this account. Okay. What a, it's not profit first, guys. Whoever said profit first, this is not profit. So I'm not, this is Steven Shed, this is not profit, bro. This is money I need to go and actually do the renovation and put the house together. It's not profit. So I wouldn't use profit first breakdown, okay? I renovated and furnished the house. I did two things. I sent, I sent $6,500 of it to my personal, account, PJ Moore B LLC. I don't, by the way, if you guys ever put money in your personal account, consider yourself fired. You don't know how to move money around. You're a knucklehead. $15,000 went to my Airbnb manager who handled the renovation, the furniture, et cetera. Okay. Noah Hoffman, Noah manages my stuff, okay? Now, I will show you, like anything I show you guys, I will never give you examples unless I show you real proof. A lot of people will give you guys a whole bunch of examples and all that kind of crap, but they'll actually never show you real stuff. So let me show you something really tasty. This one's kind of cool. This was on March 10th. You do a little screenshot of this. And do a screen share for you guys. Is this helpful to get you guys like screen shares and show you guys all this kind of stuff or should I just talk at you like all these other t*** teach this stuff? Okay. Here we go. This is honestly the way I wish I was taught to be truthful. Okay, so here we go. March 10th. If you look here, let's make this a little bit bigger. You look here. This is Noah texting me. How much money did March book for me? So this, let's see, Jeff Winston booked how much for 27 nights, how much did this house bring in? You see that? How much money did I bring in for 27 days? Okay, come on guys, look at it. Pay attention. Okay, so I of course say holy smokes, that's like $10,000 net. Not bad for a free sub two house. Also that house has gone up $300,000 in equity. Pretty dope, right? Okay, cool. Russian Eskimo, did I, Russian Eskimo, did I pay for that house? Have I ever once paid for that house out of my pocket? Did I ever use my own personal money? Did I do anything with my own money? Okay, so is that technically a free house for me? Did I use any of my credit? Did I use any of my credentials? Did I use any of my own cash?