 Hey everybody. Can you guys hear me? Yes, we can. Awesome. Welcome. All right, we are being live streamed. All right, so I'm Tony Counts and I'm here to talk to you guys about bookkeeping and the most simple way as possible. Is everybody ready for this? Yeah, awesome. Good. I got a nice PowerPoint for you guys with the most basic questions that I always get asked. I talked to several people throughout the day about bookkeeping and how to get started when am I ready? So I gathered some of the questions that I frequently get asked so that I could break those down for you guys so that you could know the answers to these. All right, so let's get started here. Now let me see if I can share my screen. Okay, can you guys see my screen? Good. Bookkeeping 101. All right, bookkeeping 101. This is the bookkeeping basics and benefits for bookkeeping. Benefits to have bookkeeping. All right. So these are the questions that we're going to go over. What is bookkeeping? How do I know when I'm ready for a bookkeeper? What will my bookkeeper do? How will I communicate with my bookkeeper and my favorite will I receive reports? All right, so let's get started. Bookkeeping is the recording of daily financial transactions in order to receive the maximize business deductions. The data collected is used to analyze the financial health of your business. So basically when you have a business and any business bank account you have or any business credit card or even those expenses that you paid out of your personal accounts in the beginning to get your business up and running. That bookkeeping is the recording of all of those transactions so that you can receive the maximum benefit for those expenses that you incurred while starting your business and while operating your business. When you outsource your bookkeeping it frees up your time because I know a lot of entrepreneurs and business owners they don't like to focus on bookkeeping. So if you don't know anything about bookkeeping now is not the good time to learn about it when you're trying to grow business. The best thing to do is just outsource it to somebody that enjoys picking apart those numbers. Someone like myself or someone like the many team members that I have that also have the same data results driven brain that I do. All right, so when you outsource your bookkeeping it frees up your time. It allows you to gain control and it gives you the freedom to grow your business. The freedom to do the things that you're best at which is growing your business and then you leave the bookkeeping part to the things that we're best at. All right, the next question I always get am I ready for bookkeeping these next samples here will give you an indication if you are ready for bookkeeping. You are overwhelmed with bookkeeping tasks you're ready for bookkeeping. You expect your business to be profitable soon then you're ready for bookkeeping. You have a lot of expenses that need organized, especially now with it being towards the end of this year and a new tax season rolling around in the next quarter. You want to make sure you have all those expenses organized so that you're not running around at the last minute trying to gather all that information to get your taxes processed. You need to produce financial statements to obtain lending or credit. That's a good time to know that you need a bookkeeper. A lot of you are involved in real estate transactions. Some of you are going through refinances and a lot of these lenders they want to see a profit and loss for your business. The only way you're going to be able to show that is if you have proper bookkeeping. You have passed tax returns that need to be prepared by your CPA. We can also help with that. We can help you pull all that historical data, get it organized for you so that you don't have to do that. Who wants to do that? That's not fun. All right. What does a bookkeeper do? A bookkeeper records your transactions. All of your business transactions accurately to receive the maximize business deductions on your tax returns. We use QuickBooks Online. QuickBooks Online is the most universal accounting platform. It can go with you anywhere. So let's say you start out with a bookkeeper. You have all your data on QuickBooks Online. You decide that bookkeeper is not a good fit for your business. Or maybe you want to turn it over to somebody in-house or maybe a family member wants to do your bookkeeping now. All you have to do is remove the user you have connected to your QuickBooks Online and then add a new user. All of your data stays with you and it stays exactly the way it was left. A bookkeeper also reconciles your accounts. So every account that's connected to your QuickBooks, every business bank account, every business credit card, is should have a monthly reconciliation done in QuickBooks against the actual bank statements that have been issued for that account. The reason that we do that is because this is going to tell us if we left out any transactions, if it reconciles with the actual statements for these accounts, then in QuickBooks nothing was left out, nothing was missed, nothing was duplicated because we'll be able to catch that as we reconcil the accounts monthly. A bookkeeper also produces reports after your accounts have been reconciled and your backlog transactions are categorized. You'll receive a monthly financial package that includes a profit and loss and a balance sheet statement. And what I mean by backlog transactions is let's say you started your business January of 2022 and you decide in December 2022 that, you know what, I don't want to have to go through all of this data to see what I made for my business. For my tax return, so you sign up for bookkeeping in December of 2022. So a backlog of transactions just means that we're building your QuickBooks file beginning from the time that you started your business in January. So that's what a backlog of transactions is once all of that is caught up, then we can start producing reports to you. But if we do take on your bookkeeping and you do have a backlog of transactions, you won't get those reports until that backlog is cleared up because the reports will be inaccurate without all of the data categorized. And we'll go over a Q&A after this for anybody that has any questions. Let me see. All right. And communication, how will I communicate with my bookkeeper? We'll have one communication platform for you where all of your bookkeeping communication will take place. Most of our clients use WhatsApp or Discord because they're free platforms. I know some of you may be using Slack or some other type of platform. That's okay to use as well, but just know that those may come with additional fees as you add more users to those platforms. In your communication channel will be your personal bookkeeper, the CSM, your client success manager, and the bookkeeping manager. We currently do document sharing through a client controlled Google Drive folder. Our bookkeepers and CSMs are available for meetings whenever you want to schedule those with them. I know we have current clients right now that they like to meet with their CSM book. Maybe you want somebody to break down that report for you. Go over the details of it or explain some things to you. Or maybe you just have like a weekly recurring meeting with your team that you want your bookkeeper to be a part of. That's okay. We can do that for you. All right. Next reports. What kind of reports will I get? So you'll get your reports after your historical transactions are categorized and your accounts are reconciled for the prior month, typically by the 15th of the following month. So usually your bank statements for the prior month aren't going to come out to like maybe day five of the following month. So once we reconcile those accounts, make sure that all those transactions match the bank statement. Nothing was left out. Nothing was duplicated. And your backlog of transactions is no longer there. Then you'll start receiving your monthly reports. That monthly report will be a profit and loss. A profit and loss is a report that shows your income and expenses resulting in your net profits. Balance sheet is a report that shows the balances of your assets, liabilities, and owners equity. So if you're a business that owns rental properties or does fix and flips, any properties that you are currently holding will be found on your balance sheet until you sell them, then they appear on your profit and loss. And this is how you join our services for anybody that's interested. We are currently taking on some clients to help you get through the 2022 calendar year. So we're going to have a data organized and ready for you to get your taxes done. All right. Does anybody have any questions? Let me see. How do I stop this share? Oh, okay. Hi, Yadiel. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm doing great. Thank you. Quick question. So like you mentioned, most of us in here are probably in real estate. So in QuickBooks, can you put like if I'm purchasing multiple properties under different LCs, can I put those all into the same QuickBooks? With QuickBooks, you want to keep it separated for every tax situation that you have. So the only way that your QuickBooks can share the same file with multiple entities is if you have some type of like holding company with the subsidiary companies underneath it. So if that's the case, like say you have a holding company and that holding company owns a subsidiary company and that subsidiary company owns the rental properties. All of that situation can be in one set of QuickBooks. You would just need an upgraded version of QuickBooks called QuickBooks Plus. That allows you to use the class feature where you could assign a class to the holding company, assign a class to the subsidiary company and assign subclasses to the properties that are owned by the subsidiary company. And the reason that this situation can share the same QuickBooks is because at the end of the year, the numbers for those subsidiary companies will roll up to the holding company and they'll report on the holding company for tax purposes. So it's okay that they share the same set of QuickBooks, the same balance sheet, the same financial statements. What you don't want to do is you don't want to share a same set of QuickBooks with like let's say that situation where you have the holding company and subsidiaries and then you have a partnership where you own 50% of the business with another partner. You don't want to include that in the same set of QuickBooks because a partnership has to produce its own tax return. So the purpose of QuickBooks is to make it very neat and organized and simple and easy to get your taxes done. When you start combining all of that stuff and even when you start combining personal accounts in your QuickBooks, like personal bank accounts, personal credit cards, it just makes it really messy. And it just kind of defeats the purpose of having the QuickBooks for organization because then at the end of the year you're still having to pick apart those transactions and get everything you separated. Thanks, I'm here. All right. And let's see if we've got Michael. So how is that going to work? Am I going to still put it into QuickBooks? I'm sorry, can you repeat the question? I'm sorry, that wasn't me, I'm Michael. Oh, okay, hi, Michael. So my question is what if you were bad earlier this year and you had a few, like I have a fourplex and a duplex in both of them. We're getting paid out of the same account. How do we reconcile all that? Is that a very manual process that I'm assuming? So the fourplex and duplex are owned by two different businesses? No, they're owned by the same business. And if you're the same business, then they can all be in the same set of QuickBooks. Like you don't have to get a separate QuickBooks for every property. But what you do want to do is you want to have, you want to be able to have the QuickBooks that has the class features so that you can create a class for each of those properties so that you can see how each property is performing. So in QuickBooks, you can do a profit and loss by class and it's basically going to show you like a mini profit and loss for each property or each separation situation that you have in QuickBooks that you assigned a class to. So like back to the holding company and subsidiary situation. When you set that up in QuickBooks where you assign a class to the holding company and your subsidiary companies, you can pull a profit and loss by class and it's going to show you a P&L per entity. So you can see how the property is. If you have just one entity, but multiple properties, you'll want to have QuickBooks plus so that you can assign a class to each property. And then you'll be able to pull a profit and loss by class so that you can see how each property is performing. You can have you can see like property a received X amount of dollars for rental income for 2022 and had this many expenses. You'll be able to see that all separated. So I'm curious, I am makes me just bar. Hey, someone you're a hot mic. I would watch your hot mic. You're saying weird stuff. So Tony, thank you for that. But how does the bookkeeper know which expenses are associated with which build to which property, even though it's all under the same holding account. Yeah, so that's where the communication platform comes in. So that's why we have one communication platform for every one of our clients, which is either typically what's up or discord because they're free platforms. So once we onboard you, we will create one communication channel for your bookkeeping in that communication channel will be your bookkeeper, the CSM, which is your client success manager and our bookkeeping manager. And in there is where all of your bookkeeping communication will take place. So for example, for those of you that have multiple rental properties, if we start seeing like, you know, maybe we see some home depot transactions come through. We're not going to know which property it goes to. So we're going to ask you first to identify that for us so that we can categorize it properly. Okay, got it. Okay, that makes sense. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. And we have Kimberly. Hi, Tony. Hi. Hi, I'm sorry, question is kind of big piggybacking on what you said as far as if you have a holding company and that holding company has subsidiary LLCs and you would do a different class for each LLC. So what if those other LLCs have specific credit cards with them. So like right now, we have a holding LLC, but that holding LLC doesn't have a quick book. So we're going to, I'm going to change it to where, you know, the main LLC will hold everything, but as far as quick. So when I change that. So we already have like a credit card for the subsidiary LLCs as far as expenses and everything. How would that work? So what you would do like, so if you had the quick book set up where you know, you had the holding company in it and all of the subsidiary entities underneath it, we would connect all of the accounts business accounts, bank accounts, business credit cards associated with that entire situation. So all of your holding company bank accounts, all of your subsidiary company bank accounts, all of that will be connected in quick books. And then if you have like obviously the business bank accounts are going to be identifiable to which entity it belongs to and we can rename those in quick books for easier reference. But that's where the, that's where the class feature comes in. So like let's say, let's say you have your subsidiary company, you went and had lunch with a client and that transaction comes through for let's say Apple bees. So we would put that to like client meals or business meals. And then we would class it to whichever entity it belonged to. So like it's going to kind of get like it's going to get categorized to your chart of accounts. And it's also going to get classified to whichever department, which essentially that's what a class is is like a department in your quick books. So it would be categorized to the chart of accounts and then class to whichever department it belongs to. Okay. Okay. So I don't necessarily have to stop using the credit cards of my subsidiary LLCs. I can still use them right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you have, so do you have a holding company with subsidiaries? Yeah. Yeah. We do have a holding company with subsidiaries. But like I started our quick books with the LLCs that are active. So we have a LLC that's holding rental properties. So that's the one that has a quick books. So I'm going to change it to where our holding company has a quick books. But that's what I make sure I can still use the credit card that's associated with our LLC that has a rental properties because that one is the one that has expenses that are on auto pay and all that. Yes, for sure. So if that subsidiary is tied to that holding company that you just mentioned, all you have to do is just change the name of your quick books to the holding company and then you can just add everything in there. You just want to make sure you have quick books plus because quick books plus is the one that gives you the class feature. And then once you do that, you would just assign a class to the holding company and the subsidiaries. You would connect all of the accounts associated with that entire situation. And then it's just going to be the option to it's going to give you the option to categorize the transactions and also class them to which entity it belongs to. Okay. Yeah, we do have that. And one more question. And I was going to say, so we're using relay. Okay, that's okay. We're using relay online banking. And so should all of our income be coming into the holding company and then a holding company pay everybody else expenses outside of the credit cards, you know. But if you have, when you say all of your income, like you mean like for your rental properties to yeah, yeah, you want to keep everything segregated to where like if you have a rental subsidiary that owns the rental properties, you want that rental income to go into that company. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, you just want to make sure that it's all and I know a lot of people in the beginning, like, you know, sometimes they just, you know, they grab the first account that they created like, okay, this is where everything is going to go. And then it just kind of snowballs from there. So if that's the situation, you might want to just try to make sure that you have, you want to look at it as like their own individual entities, even though they're all underneath the umbrella of your holding company. Like so if you have like ABC rentals that owns three properties and those three properties are generating rental income, you want to make sure that income is coming into ABC rentals and not your holding company because it essentially belongs to ABC rentals. Okay. Okay. So we're doing it right on that aspect. And so no money should be going to the holding company and the holding company pays out money to other LLCs. Is that right? Yeah, that's something you might want to discuss with whoever set up that entity structure because depending on like the purpose of why you set it up, like, you know, I don't really know that much background on it. Like, I don't know if your holding company is an S corp. I don't know like what the purpose of your holding company is. Okay. Yeah. So all I know is that if you're, whichever entity is generating the income, that's where the income should be coming into through that bank account. Okay. Yeah, that makes my sense. Thank you. All right. Welcome. All right. We have Ricky. Hey, Tony, how are you doing? I'm good. How are you? I'm doing all right. I'm not talking about. Yeah, you'll see back in 2013 and open a bank account up. And I've been using that. I'm giving out my being account with my personal account. I've been missing them up. What can I do? What do I need to do to be that's great. And then I have a new LLC that I haven't opened up bank account for yet. But do I need a, um, and it's my holding company. I just, I let it on the other needle. I've been doing like purchase, um, no programs. So I said, okay, so just business expenses. Okay. So what you want to do with the new situation that you have the new companies, you want to make sure you open a business bank account for that as soon as possible so that you don't get yourself into the same situation that you have with the 2013 entity. Um, you want to get started off on the right foot with that. So the sooner you can get some business accounts that are specific to that new entity structure, the better. Okay. As far as the older company, um, so you said that you used a personal and business account for that older company. Uh, no, I have a business account. I missed it. Right. You mixed it like you were spending, um, personal expenses from your business account. Yes, ma'am. Okay. That's not a problem. I mean, those would just be counted as like an owner's draw of your business, which, um, you just want to make sure that, you know, you don't excessively do that. Um, are you still doing that? I got my work, I worked my double two job. I don't know how to be, but they, they said, well, I had a chance for my person, but, um, they still sent it to my, um, business account. So you're direct deposit from your W2 job was going into your business account. Yes, ma'am. Okay. So those, um, since they're not actual revenue generated from that business, those would be considered an owner investment into the business and then any money you took out would be considered an owner draw. So basically those are going to offset each other. So let's just use some sample numbers for an example. Let's say that, um, your W2 job, uh, deposited $2,000 of income to you into your business bank account in the month of October. But in the month of October, you spent $2,000 of personal expenses from your business account. So that's just going to be a wash. So basically you received two, two thousand of an owner investment into the business and you spent 2000 for personal. That's going to wash out to a zero. You just want to make sure that you get out of that habit, though, because it's really not a good habit to have. Um, did you correct the situation with your W2 income going into a personal account now? Uh, well, I need to do that because I did it, but they still got to go into my big bank account. So what I need to do is call my corporate often to them. I want to swap back over to my personal account and my correct. Yeah. Yeah. You might want to do that. You really don't want to mix those two. That's, um, it's not recommended, but it doesn't mean it's the end of the world. It can be fixed. You definitely want to. If you have, um, some taxes that you haven't, um, processed yet for prior years, you would definitely want to have somebody get all of that straightened out for you. Because like I said, that money coming in would be an owner investment, which would offset any money you took out. So, um, somebody that is, you know, familiar with bookkeeping would be able to get that straightened up for you. I'll be in touch there in this tone. All right. Um, I think I'd be, um, I haven't been no being the taxes since 2013. Um, what about personal? Now, I have been doing personal tasks. You have my. Okay. So, um, is your business an S corp, do you know? Uh, no, it's just a regular, uh, yeah, LC. Okay. And have you had any income for that business, like any business income? No, no business transaction right now. No. Okay. All right. So on your individual, regular transaction, like guys, food, you know, you know, um, I purchase some courses. Yeah. This is not a question about purchase courses and pays are in about as a measure, who my person count. Can I get credit for that? Yes, you can. So, um, the way we'd handle personal account transactions and quickbooks is, um, like I said, you don't want to connect any personal accounts to quickbooks because every account you connect to quickbooks has to have a reconciliation at the end of the month. Um, when you, when you turn that file over to a CPA to do your taxes, the first thing they're going to look at is to make sure that all accounts connected. We're reconciled through the end of that calendar year. So they're going to look and see did all those accounts reconciled through 1231, whatever current calendar year they're working on. So when we connect personal accounts to quickbooks, we have to reconcile those accounts as well. And the only way to reconcile those accounts is to categorize every single transaction that comes through quickbooks. The only place we can put those personal transactions is in your owner's equity account. So it would be considered like an owner's draw, which you don't want to do that. So the way that we get around that is, um, you would have to go to your personal online banking and let's use this as an example. Let's say, um, that you know for a fact between October and December of 2022, you use your personal bank account to pay for business transactions. So you're going to go to your personal online banking and you're going to do a filter from October 1st to December 31st. You're going to export all of those transactions into a CSV file. You're going to remove any transaction that's a personal transaction and leave just the business transactions, which would be those transactions like the, you know, mentorships that you paid for and any other type of business transactions like that. Then you would hand over that file to us. We can put those transactions in your quickbooks with a journal entry. And that's how we bypass connecting the personal accounts, but still collecting those expenses out of your personal accounts to apply to your, your business reports. Okay. Um, what do I need to get started with you? So I, I get this great. Right here. Just go to that website. Join start virtual.com. Join stop virtual. Okay. And do I need any startup calls when joining your program? Well, if you just go to that website and schedule a call, we can discuss all of that over the phone. It just depends on your situation. How far back we have to go to collect and, you know, start building your quickbooks file. So yeah. All right. Thank you for that. You're welcome. I think the thought I have. Oh, yes, I said my, my text with PCS. Okay. I'm doing my job. Do I need to go ahead and get you started on this? So like, um, do my taxes or how do that work? How do they do my being in my personal? Yeah. So it's just going to be an easier process for you. If you have somebody that's going to do the bookkeeping for you, because basically what they're going to need from you is they're going to need all of the data to get those taxes done. So if you have somebody doing that for you, then you don't have to worry about going through and finding all of those expenses, finding all of those transactions. We would build it all for you in QuickBooks so that you could either provide them the balance sheet and profit and loss so that they can do your taxes or what QuickBooks allows you to do is you can invite your CPA or accountant or taxpayer to QuickBooks by using their email. They can go in QuickBooks and pull any reports that they need to get your taxes done. So I'm just going to hang it off to you, man. Um, that's like it. That's how like my hair hurt a little bit. I know. I try to make it simple because I, I mean, I, I, I'm a really big fan of like accounting, bookkeeping, all this stuff. So I hear myself when I talk about it. Sometimes I get way too far out in the woods with it, but I try to make it really simple so that everybody can understand it too. So basically what, what I said is just that when you have a PCS doing your taxes for you, they're going to ask you for the same data that we would gather for you. So it just, you want to ask yourself, do you want to do all that like work or do you want to outsource and have someone else do that like work for you outsource? Yes, I agree. I'm going to be a pro. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. We have, um, I don't want to mess up your name for two. Yes. Hi, Tony. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Good things. You said it fine. We spoke before on over the phone. I was going to say I thought we had a phone call before. Yeah, the name, right? Yes. We did. I have a quick question regarding credit cards. I have two business credit cards that you know, you know how you get the 0% intro for like 12 months. Yes. So they, they're carrying a balance right now. So how do I reconcile that this is not unreal state related actually. So is it a person? Oh, it's for another person. Yeah, it's a, it's business credit cards. Nothing personal. But what happens to the balance? Do you have a quick books that you're using for that business? Yes. Did you connect your credit card to that quick books? No, I only connected my bank account. So you'll want to connect. Yeah, you'll want to connect that credit card to your quick books because if those are transactions that you used for your business. Once you make that connection with your quick books and your credit card, all of those transactions are going to sink over into your quick books. If they are business transactions, you want to make sure that those are included so that you receive the benefit of them, you know, they could, they could potentially reduce your tax liability if there are more expenses for your business. So once you connect, I'm sorry, go ahead. No, I said absolutely. I didn't know to connect them. I only connected the bank account and I was wondering about, you know, what's going to happen to them. It's all business expenses, obviously, but I was just curious about what's going to happen. So even though the cards cards are going to have a balance on them, I still record them. Yes. So you'll want to connect them to your quick books and then all those transactions will sink into your quick books and you can start categorizing them to whichever business expense accounts they belong to. And then you'll want to pull those monthly statements for that credit card. And then in QuickBooks, there's a place where you can reconcile the accounts. You may have already stumbled upon that. But if you go there, you can reconcile that credit card monthly by using those month end statements. And then that's going to show you like if you missed anything or if anything was duplicated. And then as long as it reconciles for the end of the year, you should be fine. Thank you so much. Oh my god. Second question. I used to show somebody posted in the chat home office deduction. Since I have several businesses running is can I only take that for one business or way? Or is this a tax question? I'm not even sure. Can I take the home office deduction for each LLCs? So really the home office deduction is going to carry over into your individual tax returns. So what happens is basically your CPA is going to calculate the percentage of your home that's used for business. So like let's say your home, I'm just going to throw out some numbers. Let's say your home is, you know, 10,000 square feet. And then 1,000 square feet of it is your office. So that's 10% right there. So then 10% of all of those home office expenses. Like maybe your internet, your utilities, 10% of that can be used as a deduction on your individual tax return. So it won't necessarily apply to any business specifically. It's just going to apply to you as an individual using your home office for business. Perfect. Oh my god. Thank you so much Tony. Last question. We had scheduled a follow up for like January night. So if I go to this link, do I get one sooner or? Let me see. You want to do you have my email? Maybe you can reach out to me. Yeah, just reach out to me and I can fit you in sooner. Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. I'll be on my calendar. You're welcome. Yeah. Thank you. Have a great night. You too. Alright, let me see who is next here. I have a Naomi. Hi, Tony. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Yeah, I've heard of you from PAIS for like two years. So. I have a like a really basic question. So I've been I only have two rentals and I've been doing some private money lending and a couple different things here and there. I mean, I don't feel like I'm quite ready to necessarily get a bookkeeper, but at the same time I'm also coming across a couple more things like I just hired my son to start doing a couple things for the business. And I'm not quite sure how to record that. I've just been putting it in Excel or in Google sheets. I mean, when's the point that you would start using QuickBooks as well? I know if you haven't answered that. So are your properties owned by your business? Are they owned by you personally? They're owned by my LLC. Okay. So did you purchase them in 2022 or prior to 2022? I got one in 2022 and then the other one was in 2021, I believe. I would definitely think you're ready for bookkeeping now, especially because you own properties and then now you're paying. Even though it's your son, it would be technically considered paying a contractor unless you're paying him a W2 wage. So I think you would definitely be you could benefit from having some bookkeeping. Yeah, because you just want to make sure that those properties are being when you own rental properties or any properties, whether you're holding them for fixed inflips or you know, buy and hold Airbnb. All of that. You just want to make sure that they're recorded properly on your books so that you can receive, you know, your depreciation that is your entitled to once you own those properties. And then now you have another situation where you're paying somebody. So you want to make sure that you have a W9 on file for for your son so that you can issue is he over 18. No, he's I mean, like so I talked to tax entry, which is the tax arm of PCS. And they were saying, well, because he's so young, he's only seven that he can't do a lot. So I'm really just having him lean the homophys and like do some YouTube or not YouTube to be Instagram videos for me and a couple of things. So he's only getting a $100 a month so that I could already open him a Roth IRA. Okay, that can be earned income. But it's starting to get a little bit more over my head. It's also one of the properties I own is with Noah Hoffman. Oh, okay. It's like it's an Airbnb that's like we, you know, it's a partnership essentially. Yeah. Do you have a partnership LLC that owns that Airbnb? No, it's like split up 33% between the three of us. Okay. A little confusing. Yeah. So the thing with with paying your son is that on your business books, you're going to want to record that as a contractor expense to receive that benefit as a business deduction. But anything that you record as a contractor expense. If you like in the event that you get audited in the future, which is a very small chance, but you know, let's just say that it could possibly happen to all of us. You just want to make sure that if you're claiming a contractor expense that you have a W9 on file for whoever you're paying that contractor expense to. If you pay your son less than $600 in one calendar year, it's not necessary. But any any contractor payments over $600 in one calendar year, they typically create a 1099 situation. Okay. All right. So I need to do what a W9 or a 1099. Well, maybe I'll call with you. Yeah, that'd be great. And then also like there. For that situation, there are benefits to having your business be an S corp. I don't know if you are an S corp or not. So if you are an S corp, I know that I've actually had some clients in the past that have put their children younger than the age of six on actual payroll. And if you can pay them, like I believe at the time, I think the maximum was like 12,501 calendar year. And then they would just have to file a tax return at the end of the year. But that client of mine, their kids ended up getting almost like 80% of that money back in a tax return. Wow. Yeah. So if you have a CPA, you should talk to that. Talk to them about that because that that could even tax century if they're working with you on tax century. And you should talk to them about that. Maybe I know. In order to turn your business into an S corp, it has to be done before March. I believe March 31st of. Let's say if you wanted your business to be an S corp for 2023, you would want to have that form filled out and sent to the IRS by March 31st of 2023. In order for your business to be considered an S corp for that calendar year. Yeah, I mean, I did talk to them a little bit about paying my son thing and they said that you really want to be careful with that because it needs to be ordinary and necessary for your business. Yes. And you're all like, it has to make sense for the salary. Yeah. So it does have to, they are correct in that. But I mean, nowadays everybody's doing a lot of promotion on social media. Like the client of mine that I was referring to, like he would have like, you know, holiday promotions for his coaching services and his kids would just, he would just make like a Facebook post and his kids would be holding like a discount code on a cardboard. Yeah. So I mean, it's, there's so many ways that you can, you know, justify that. Yeah. Okay. Well, you know, I appreciate it. Thank you so much. All right. Thank you. All right. Next we have Robin. Oops. Sorry. Now I'm fine. Thank you. Oh, hi. You actually kind of already spoke a little bit about home office deductions. That was my initial question. But I have several. Now I've gone to your site and I'm trying to sign up for a phone call. It seems I seem to have some kind of an issue because an error keeps occurring. So I'm just going to keep trying. But what is the error? It doesn't say, oh, it says the username is invalid because it uses illegal. That's weird because I. So you can't put a number in the username. I think the user name should be an email. Oh, is that what it is? Okay. I think so. Okay. I can fix that. But more importantly, I have been a consultant on and off the majority of my career. But stupidly and self admittedly. So I never really formed an LLC. So I got in the habit, and I'm a terrible person when it comes to accounting. So I got in the habit of, yes, I keep track of every penny. every penny, but I put it on a spreadsheet. So I have two different questions that maybe, I don't know if I should wait until I get my phone call or what, but one of them has to do with, I'm now going into real estate. I do not have any revenue currently in real estate, just expenses, including Paces Community and LLCs, et cetera. I'm getting a separate bank account and all that goes with that, but no revenue yet. So I've had an established home office for many years and I also have a number of expenses, including websites and subscriptions and various different things that I've used on and off for my consulting business. And to complicate things even more, I have a W2. So I guess my question is, I've never used QuickBooks. Do I need to get started using that? Do you, I thought that you guys did all of that. And what would, what, going back to the home office question, you mentioned that it was a personal expense, not, it goes on your personal taxes, not on your business taxes. Is that what I understood? Yeah, so when you, when you do your tax return and you have a business that you're reporting on that tax return, it's going to ask you those questions about home office expenses. So essentially your business is not going to produce its own tax return unless it's an S-Corp or a partnership. If you're just like a single member LLC, it's going to report as a schedule C on your individual tax return. So in that situation, the home office deduction will be a question that'll be asked when you're doing that individual tax portion. And that's not something that you do. No, we don't do taxes. Oh, that's the prime PC. Yes. So I don't know if you hear the dogs in the background. Hold on, hold on. No, close my door. Okay, so I don't need to worry about that. What about moving forward from this point forward? Do I need to invest in QuickBooks? Or is that something you get me set up on? Or because I'm planning on working with you? Okay. So you currently don't have an LLC? Or are you getting one? I do. I have a holding company in Wyoming. And just today got all my documents for a subsidiary LLC. I'm going to be setting up the bank account and everything. So what we just asked people is prior to your onboarding, all you have to do is just have your QuickBooks subscription already subscribed to. We can do the whole setup during your onboarding. So I do do invest in QuickBooks. You can say that. QuickBooks online, yes. And then if you want a link for a discount, we can send that to you too. So should I wait until I talk with you on the phone? Yes, I would definitely do that because you want to make because the discount that we have with our link is just 50% off for the first three months. So you want to, I usually tell people, if they're going to sign up with us, don't sign up for your QuickBooks until the day before your onboarding so that you can maximize the length of that discount. I see. Okay. So then basically what happens is that we on a monthly business, on a monthly basis, enter the information into QuickBooks and then you massage it or how is that? QuickBooks will connect to your business bank account. So once we get you, like, let's say you signed up for a bookkeeping today and we were onboarding you, you showed up to your onboarding, you had your QuickBooks subscription and that was it. Like you didn't go through the setup of your QuickBooks, you just signed up, put in your info and you showed up to your onboarding with that QuickBooks subscription. We can get that all set up for you, we can connect your business bank accounts, we can set up the classes for any, your holding company and your subsidiaries and any properties owned if you have properties. So we'll do all of that setup for you. Basically all the transactions will sink over into QuickBooks once we make that connection to your business bank account or your business credit cards. So I don't have to go and keep track of anything. I just use the credit card and the bank account and it's insane. Exactly. Yeah, the only, in that situation, you wouldn't have to do any of the transactions and QuickBooks, we would do that for you. Through our communication channel is where we would ask you questions so like, let's say we see in QuickBooks, we see like you sent somebody a Venmo. It's gonna just come through QuickBooks and say Venmo. So we're not gonna know the nature of that transaction who it went to, what the purpose of it was. So we would ask you in our communication platform, hey Rob, what was this Venmo transaction for? And then you would just reply and tell us and then that's it, we would categorize it based off of your reply. Okay, okay, all right. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. You're welcome. Even the ones prior, it's just all the transactions recording after the platform. Yes, all of the transactions prior will ask questions on those as well. The QB link to get the discount. So we would give that to you. We would just have to have your business name and your email and your phone number first. It's not just like a link that I can post here, but if you do have a call with us, we can definitely get that out to you. All right, next we have Helen. Hey, Tony. Hi. Okay, good you can hear me. Thanks for asking all our questions, I really appreciate it. Oh, you're welcome. I have two quick questions. First one is I already have a bookkeeper and she's asking for my entire year including my personal expenses and statements. And I think her logic behind it was that there would be a need to balance my books with what's coming into my business, but I feel like it's unnecessary. Do I have to provide all that information to her or can she just do without it? So she, okay, so you have a bookkeeper and she's asking for your prior year transactions or, I'm sorry. From like my personal credit cards and income. That's kind of unrelated to my business. So I don't know. I don't think that's necessary either. She also doing your taxes. If she's doing your taxes, it would be necessary, but if she's not, then I don't think that's necessary either. Is she using quick books online for you? She's not. She's saying that I don't have enough transactions yet for me to necessarily find that you spoke or what it cost me. So I think we'll reevaluate in a couple of months. But I'm glad we're on the same page with that. She could provide sufficient. Yeah, and she's just doing bookkeeping for your business. She doesn't need to see anything personal for you. Okay, cool. One last task for me. Yeah. My other question is I'm kind of a knucklehead and I don't really know how to allocate expenses. Cheat sheet like categories of deductions that people like me, that own businesses can use reference one, say we're out, and you don't know if this is your deduction or not. I know that might not get a possible question. Yeah, actually, if you go to iris.gov, that website is a very resourceful website for a lot of those types of questions. Like from iris.gov, you can get a W9 to give to your contractors. That's like a fillable PDF. So if you go to iris.gov and just type in the search bar like common business deductions, it's gonna give you a list of the common business deductions that you can use. It'll give you all of the ones that are used on all of the tax returns. So I know that people like to, especially when they do their own bookkeeping, they create all of these accounts on their chart of accounts like client meals, client gifts, business meals on. And basically when you do your taxes, it's all going under meals. So all of the, you know, specific accounts are not really necessary to create in your chart of accounts because if you go to iris.gov and see the most common business deductions, you're gonna see the accounts that are used to create your tax return. So I hope that answered your question. It does. That makes a lot of sense. I was just hoping that there was some app that I could use. Oh, an app. Okay, I'm gonna talk about that part. The cheat sheet like that, you know. You know what? I'll come up with something that I'll have paste share to all of you guys that I'll just have like the common business deductions that are what's gonna be used to calculate your tax return. Oh, you don't have to do that. That's so nice. Well, that's fine. Yeah, no, because that's a really good question and that's a good starting point for everybody to know like what can I use? What can I expense to my business? You know, because again, that is another question that I get from a lot of people because, you know, obviously paste, he likes to, you know, expense everything as a business deduction. And so when I talk to people, they wanna do the exact same thing, but I have to remind them like, you know, paste is like a walking event. So basically everything he does is a business deduction. So we can't really apply that same method to like, you know, your typical wholesaler that's working from home. But we do try to make it the most maximize as possible for you. So, but that is a really good question and a good topic. So I will create a list so that everybody can have that. Oh, thank you, Tony. I appreciate it. All right, you're welcome. Did you have any other questions? No, thank you for answering all my questions. All right, you're welcome. Okay, and we have done. Hi, Tony, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Good. Thanks for taking the call. I actually have a few questions. And I actually wasn't able to join the early half of the call. I don't know if these are addressed to, but my first question would be about credit, like very specific, about credit card cat, like business credit card cashbacks or cash, or what do you call it? The rewards? The rewards exactly. So how do you keep track of those that's related to business credit cards? So those are categorized as other income. So basically they are considered income to your business, but they're not primary income to your business. So it's just another income category. I see. It's just treat as income for the cashback, but what about in terms of those points, for example? So as long as your business credit card is connected to QuickBooks, we would be able to see all of that activity and categorize it appropriately. Right. But there's no monetary values in terms of those points, right? So usually what I see is they, like the expenses are still gonna show up as expenses regardless if you use points to pay for them. Is that what, can you give me a specific situation? So when you sign up for a credit card, you get, let's say you get a bonus, 50,000 points, right? So is that part of income or is that some, or to be a record? No, that's not part of income. What I was thinking was like, let's say you sign up for a credit card and they say you spend so much within the first three months and then they give you like a thousand dollars or something. So that a thousand dollars that you would receive is considered other income. Got you, understood. Okay. What about, my second question is about transferring LLC from one C corp to another. Does, let's say the underlying asset of the LLC, does it actually trigger a capital gain if there is a difference between your acquisition cost versus the market value, which has appreciated throughout the years? That is a very specific question. And that's a question for a CPA. So I really don't feel comfortable answering that for you. Okay. And finally, do you get that answer? What was that? Do you know anything about partnerships like whether a C corporations can enter into partnerships? That is another situation for a CPA. The only thing I can tell you about a partnership is that it needs its own set of quickbooks. It needs to be separated from any other quickbooks that you have because it produces its own tax return at the end of the year in order to issue K1s to the partners. Okay. And within QuickBooks, could you have multiple accounts in there? So for example, one for partnership, one for C corp, et cetera. So with QuickBooks, you want to keep anything that requires its own tax situation. You want to make sure that it has its own set of QuickBooks. So like any partnership LLCs that you have, let's say you have five different partnership LLCs with like 50% you own this one with another partner, and then you own 25% of this one with a different partner. Like all of those LLCs are going to need their own set of QuickBooks because they're all going to report on their own separate tax returns. So you want to keep that data separate so that it's easy to produce that tax return. The only way that you can have QuickBooks share the same set of QuickBooks with multiple entities is if you have it where you have a holding company and the subsidiary company is underneath it because at the end of the tax year, those subsidiary company numbers will roll up to the holding company for tax reporting purposes. So it's okay that they share the same set of books. Okay, so do they need separate logins? That's what I really want to know. Separate logins. So for QuickBooks, do you need to open like a separate account for each of those things, each of those separate entities? Yeah, so with QuickBooks, you can have one login with multiple accounts underneath it. So, but you definitely want your own set of QuickBooks for each partnership entity, if that makes sense. Okay, cool. Thanks very much for addressing these questions. All right, you're welcome. Okay, next we have Tony. Yeah. Do you hear me? Hi, Tony. I can hear you. Tony or Tommy? Tony, you're Tony, right? No, Tommy. Tommy. Oh, Tommy, Syria? Yes. Oh, I was calling on Tony York. Oh, my bad. Again. I'm just going in order here. I'll get to you, Tommy. You're two more away. Hi, Tony. Hi, I just have a quick question about, I took a bookkeeping class, and so I go into my QuickBooks, and I commonly categorize transactions and reconcile. But I know that I'm not taking advantage of all the tax deductions that I need. Last year, I know through my tax service, I feel like because I didn't capture those possible tax deductions, like my home office deduction, and like my cellular phone bill, and my internet phone bill that could have been used for business deductions, I feel like because I didn't capture those in QuickBooks, then I didn't get those as a tax deduction. So I guess long story short, my question is, I don't feel like I need a full-time bookkeeper or an ongoing bookkeeper, but I feel like I need a bookkeeper clean up appointment with somebody. Is that something you guys offered? We don't necessarily do just bookkeeping clean up. When you say clean up, you mean for just for 2022? Or not necessarily a clean up, but more like a consultation, like, am I, does everything look okay? Because I'm not a professional bookkeeper, but I'm trying to, I just try to categorize my own transactions, because I don't have a whole lot of transactions. Yeah. So the thing with that is, we have our bookkeepers trained just to do bookkeeping for businesses. And the best way for us to do that is to actually get to know your business. So in order for us to go in, like, to just go in and just look at your business and see what's been categorized, like it doesn't give us the opportunity to really get to know your business and know how you operate as a business owner. So it's kind of, it just doesn't really fit into our business model. Right, right. Okay, thanks. You're welcome. All right, and then we have Lamont. Oops. Yeah, Tony, thanks for doing this and thanks, thanks everyone for joining. I just had two questions. I want to have a virtual assistant who is in Mexico, not part of Star Virtual. How should that be allocated? Separately saying, is there a difference when you deal with another country, not to a cup within the person is an individual. So it's not like they have a presence in the US, specifically. So how will we handle that? So are you meaning like, like, am I echoing on you? Sorry, am I, can anybody hear me? I can hear you. I can hear you. Okay, but I hear it echo. I can hear it echo. Oh, you know why the speakers are, is that better? Yes, much better. I have a loud speaker. I'm gonna shut the speaker off. I don't know. Sorry, guys. All right, is that better? Yes, much better. How loud is the speaker? I'm sorry. So we have a virtual assistant who resides in Mexico and we pay them weekly. So just want to make sure that's allocated properly. So you just want to know like, how do you categorize that? Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure does it do any, is there a difference when it's international? It's all the same. That is a great question because you want to be careful with that because, yeah, because when you pay somebody in the US as an, you know, an assistant, it generates a situation where you either have to pay them, you know, on payroll or as a 10.99 employee. When you pay somebody overseas or in a different country, you just want to make sure that you classify that differently and maybe like as business consulting or something like that, some type of consulting. Yeah. Also, my last question. So on Paces earlier in Zoom, he mentioned something about you were going to talk about how he gets paid and I understand that, I'm not a superstar like Pace. I'm just a little peon. So he mentioned how he takes draws out of his accounts. Did you tap into that? I forgive me if you've already done that. I did not tap into that. No, I really wanted to mention how he pays himself. That's all, is it difficult to understand? No, not really actually. So what we do for Pace is we run a payroll for him because one of his entities is an S-Corp. So when you have an S-Corp, one of your requirements is to have a W2 payroll for yourself as a business owner. You want to make sure that you give yourself a salary that is what the IRS considers a prevailing wage for whatever role it is you're doing in your business. So let's say you have a wholesaling business and your business is an S-Corp and you want to pay your self-assalery under W2 wages to comply with that S-Corp status. So as owning a wholesaling business, you could label yourself as an acquisitions manager. So if you were to go get hired as an acquisitions manager for somebody else's business in your general area, how much would your salary be? What would be that prevailing wage? Let's say it was 40,000 a year plus commissions. So you just want to make sure that you're paying yourself what the IRS would deem as a prevailing wage for that role. So the way we do it for Pace is that we don't necessarily pay him a paycheck on Fridays as direct deposit we set up his payroll so that it's running in the background and we're just paying the payroll taxes on that payroll. So Pace is already pulling money out of his account for personal use. So rather than considering that as an owner's draw, we're doing a journal entry to show that as the wages that would have been paid to him from the payroll that we're already running in the background to pay those payroll taxes. Makes sense. Yes, that was awesome. I appreciate it. Thank you. I wish I can hire you directly like Pace. I mean, you know anything. Thank you. All right. Tommy Suria. There we go. Hi, Tommy. How are you? Good question. Good. How are you doing? Good. I need to shut down the LLC that I opened with you guys. I mean, I don't have a problem. Because that business went into the ditch with the economy. So this is. That's too bad. Yeah, trucking business is really bad right now. So what do I need to do to start to shut down the LLC without messing up with the IRS? So if you know that you're going to shut down the LLC, you might want to make sure that you do that as of the end of this year so that you don't have to do a tax return for 2023. So have you already done the process, like start of the process of like dissolving everything? No, I got to get into the IRS website and look up the instructions. Are you in touch with PCS at all? I got to call them tomorrow and find out if they have anything. I mean, advice. Yeah, you might want to talk to them about that. See if they can help you get that dissolved. If you can get it taken care of in this calendar year, then you don't have to worry about a tax return for your business for 2023 or reporting it on your own tax return. And then what do I need to shut down first, like the credit cards? You just want to talk to PCS and make sure that they gave you the right process on that. Did they help you set up the LLC? Yes, maybe I can... Yeah, definitely talk to them. What was that, Tommy? Maybe I can use the LLC for something else. Yeah, you could. All right, thank you. Thank you, David. You're welcome. Good morning. Bye. All right, we have Mingo. Hi, Tony. Can you hear me? Yes, I can. Okay, sorry. I'm a truck driver. I got in a little bit late for you, PS. But I have your services. It's been great. Awesome. That's great to hear. Oh my goodness. Honestly, you know, getting the LLC set up with Prime and finally getting the bookkeeping services. It's like breath of fresh air. I don't know exactly what's going on behind the, you know, behind the computers, what you guys are doing, but I have to anticipate that I'm gonna be, you know, it's a big sigh of relief for me. So, especially for the awesome hours. That is great. It's been great. And anybody who has doubts or thinks, they're not big enough, I only have, I just got my second rental, which was my last primary residence. It's worth it to have that relief. So, for sure. My question, Tony, was basically my properties, because one of them was my primary residence that I turned into a rental. Do I need to put that into my LLC? Because my understanding is that, because my primary income is from W2, that I don't have all the new deductions or any depreciation if I'm not mistaken, available to me. So, is your business a single member LLC? Myself and my wife. So, you guys are both listed on it, like as a partnership or? Yeah, 50-50 or 50-50, I guess it's some. And do you both own that property? Do you both own that primary residence? That is correct. Both houses we own together in our own name. Okay. So, you could have that property deeded over to the business if you want a correct paper trail for it, but because you both own that property and you both own the business, I mean, we can include it on your QuickBooks for you, just for ease of purpose for your CPA to come in and gather all of that for you. We would just indicate on there the unique situation to it. But the best thing to do would just have it deeded over to the business. Okay, got it. Okay, yeah, both the properties are, like I said, they're in our own names. And I just wasn't sure if I would have all the depreciation or opportunities because my primary income is W2. So. Yeah, you will have, you will still get the depreciation, whether it's through your business or your individual. So either one. Yeah, I got it. Okay, perfect. And then, yeah, I think that was it. I just wanted to double check that, because at the end of the year, like I said, but honestly, it's been a huge sigh of relief because I was doing the rehab throughout the year. I ran out of the money I had. So I started using all my credit cards, you know, my wife's credit cards, new credit cards. And we just did everything. And Kenelle and John have just. I'm sure it's in Twitter, other than the brain. So I'm super happy with the service. Just wanted to let you know. That's awesome. I really, like, I spend a lot of time with all of our bookkeepers and CSMs. And I just, I really love like growing their skills and just being that, you know, coach and leader for them as well. So I'm glad that you're happy. Absolutely happy. So thank you so much. And everyone have a wonderful Christmas and New Year. Thank you. Awesome. You too. Thank you. Bye, bye. All right. We have Mary next. Hi, Tony. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Good, good. I have a question regarding. I just opened up a whole life insurance policy and I was told, like, you need to open up separate accounts. Do you know how I should be setting those up? A whole life insurance policy. Yeah, that you might want to talk to your CPA about that. All right. Is it, is it something that your business is like sponsoring for you or? No, because they said I'm new to real estate investing and they said that if you want to invest in real estate, it's good to have a whole life insurance policy and borrow against it. So then they were saying something about you got to set up your own account to transfer the funds. And then from there, transfer to your LLC. And then the LLC pays back your whole life insurance account, which goes back to pay back your life insurance. And then they told me to use an app called Current. I don't know if you've heard of that app. I haven't. Who gave you the information on the whole life insurance policy? My broker, my whole life insurance broker. Maybe they'll have some suggestions as far as how to do, which accounts like to use for that. Because we don't have that situation yet in our client base, but I don't have the answer for you to that. OK. All right. Sorry. Once I get big enough, I'm going to use it for my bucking. So I can start it. So all right. That sounds good. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. Next we have Joseph. Hello. How are you doing today? Good. How are you? I'm going fine. Thanks for asking. So I'm just going to follow on the sword here. I got in here a little late. I know it's about both keeping. So I don't understand everything that's going on. I just started my LLC. Literally, like, just three days ago. So I'm trying to do a whole selling business, working on all that good stuff. What are some of the stats I need to do in order to keep track of it on the very beginning? So the, have you opened a business bank account yet for this LLC? Not yet. I'm going to sometime this week. That would be step number one. You want to make sure that you get that open as soon as possible so that you don't fall into that trap of using your personal account for things that you should be using your business account for. And I know in the beginning, in these beginning stages, because you're not going to be making revenue right away, the best thing to do is open that business bank account. Instead of using your personal account to pay for those business related expenses, you want to just take a chunk of money from your personal account, deposit it into the business bank account. And then from there, you can use that to pay directly from your business bank account. That's going to make it cleaner for when you are ready to sign up for bookkeeping. Because what's going to happen is, once you are ready for bookkeeping, we're going to get you connected on QuickBooks. We're going to connect your business bank account to QuickBooks and all of those transactions will sink over into your QuickBooks. What we don't want to do is we don't want to connect any personal accounts to QuickBooks. So the best thing to do is just start using that business bank account right away. That way, when it comes to time where you do need a bookkeeper, all those transactions are going to be there ready to sink into your QuickBooks. And then we don't have to have you go and pick apart transactions from your personal account. OK. Awesome. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. Next, we have Selena. Hi, Tony. Hi. So I have a question. So I just started my business this year. I already opened a business checking account, a business credit card, and I started with some net, net 30 accounts. So I'm trying to get a CPA, and I'm not for sure if he's going to help me or not at the end of the day. But what he did is he had this form's computer for me sent for me to send to the IRS to be able to pay taxes as a S corporation, even though I am LLC. OK. But I haven't been able to get a hold of the IRS to confirm because it didn't send anything. They just signed that it was received and that's it. I haven't made any money. I haven't made any transactions. But I have spent a lot of money. So let's say they did that allow me to file taxes as a S corporation. Do I still pay myself, even though I haven't made any money? I've only spent thousands of dollars. So that is a question for your CPA. I do know that if you are taxed as an S Corp, one of the requirements to comply as an S Corp is to pay yourself a W2 wage. But again, if you haven't generated any income, that is a discussion that you want to have with your CPA. What is required of me if my business hasn't generated any income? OK. So since I haven't made any money, then you don't recommend for me to sign up for your business yet until I start making money. I mean, if you have some expenses that you need organized, we can help you with that. Because obviously, because we're coming to the end of 2022, if you have some business expenses that you've spent forming the business or maybe some lead generation software, anything that you want organized for your business, we can help you with that. But I think the best thing to do would be just to book a call and we can discuss it further. OK. And one more question real quick. One of the ladies asked about the cheat sheet for us starting up business, what do we need to? What can we deduct? What is not deductible? What should we keep receipts for? What do we have to do? I try going to the IRS website that you gave her. Uh-huh. It's not very specific. Did you type in common business deductions in the upper right corner? I did. OK. So there should have been like a bunch of publications that came out like some PDFs to click on. Oh, OK. I didn't see that part. OK. So you'll have to click on those PDFs. And inside there is where you're going to find that information. They don't make it really easy for you. But once you get familiar with the website, it is a very useful resource. OK. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. Next we have Nicole. Hi, Tony. Can you hear me? Yes. I apologize. I'm sick. So my voice is very weak. How are you? I'm already dead. Oh, no problem. I appreciate you being here. So my question is a little weird. I used to own a hair salon. I had an accountant. I closed that down in 2021. And my account. And I also changed careers. I'm now a truck driver. OK. So my accountant did close out the LLC. And everything was good that way. But what I found out recently was that the W2 from my new career was not factored into my tax return. Now I have this, I'm still a truck driver. But my partner and I have started this business with real estate and all that stuff. And we have PCS. But I'm wondering what do I do about those W2s that were not filed? I've tried to contact my former accountant. But apparently he has stepped down and is selling his business. So trying to get an answer from them has been trying to reach the president. And I've never had, they were always had such great customer service and that kind of thing. And I'm really surprised. But like I said, since they're going through turnover, I'm just not able to get anyone that actually used to work there. And it seems like they had no idea who I am. So at do I, I'm basically trying not to create a mess now that I'm with PCS. But I also don't want to just let that go. And then end up getting audited. Yeah. So just to repeat that. So you had your tax is done and your CPA did not include the W2 income for that tax year. Is that correct? Correct. He did finalize the LLC income from the hair salon that I used to own that I shut down. But he did not include my pay subs from my new career, which is in trucking. OK, so you may want to look into getting that tax return amended. OK. And the reason for that is because if you received a W2, the IRS received a W2 for you. It's so, yeah. That's my concern. I've never had a problem with taxes before. And all of a sudden, I'm like, oh my god, and now we're starting this new thing. And just like other people, we've paid out expenses that we haven't brought in anything yet. And I'm like, oh my god, what am I going to do? Yeah, definitely. And it should be a simple fix, especially if that's the only thing that was left out. I mean, they basically just have to reopen that tax return, just include whatever was left out, and then refile it on your behalf. OK. I've been so afraid of the IRS that I thought it would be more complicated than that. But I appreciate you answering that. OK, no problem. Thank you so much. All right, you're welcome. All right, Kevin. Hi. Hi, Tony. Hi. My question is, I just moved out of my primary residence, and we're going to start air and begin being it today, actually, for first guest arriving tonight. And I'm just trying to figure out how do I take in the income? I own the house personally, because we just have been living in it. There's not time to move it into an LLC. Plus, I'm probably going to sell it in two years or three years and get the tax exemption for the capital gains, because we've got a lot of gains in that house. So it's kind of a short-term experiment. Here, my first Airbnb. And I'm just trying to figure out, can I just take that income personally, or does it have to go? I also have a flipping business. So I do have that LLC I could use. I would take that income in as a property management income. So just look at it as if that home is a property that you're managing for somebody. OK. I mean, that would probably be the simplest way if you're trying to just find a place to receive that income. Are you going to have them pay that income to your business? That's what I'm trying to ask you. I guess, yeah. Yeah. And I have other clients that have done that before. So basically, you just have to look at now your business is managing that property. So let's say that property was owned by a business at the Quayton's and they lived out of town and they asked you to manage the property for them. So it'd be the same situation. OK. Got it. And then I just have to have some sort of arrangement between myself and my business to manage it. You could do that for a paper trail, maybe come up with some type of agreement that you're going to manage the property or something. OK. Simple enough. Thank you, Tony. You're welcome. All right. I think we got through all the questions, all the hands raised right now. I've already answered. So let's see. Does anyone else have any questions before we sign off here? Yes. I know that we have some problems with the links. Carter, did I talk to you? Did you have a question, Carter? Did we speak? Hi there. Hi. We didn't speak yet. But I think everybody wants to hear you talk some more. So I'm going to extend your visit. OK. You've been wonderful. If you don't mind, you touched on a couple of things that are relevant to my circumstance. But I just wanted to try one more time. So I called into the new investor category. I just got, I'm opening escrow this week on my second investment property. And everything I've done is by myself in my own name. I have a consultation scheduled with Prime, but not yet formed in LLC. Can you just help me develop the right way of thinking about my crawl walk run, so to speak, in bookkeeping? So I'm, what is it? Would you say, what do I begin with? And how do I scaffold? So when I'm ready for your services, I come in in a format you'd like, as opposed to some box of envelopes, which I've written. OK. So you definitely want to get your business formed as soon as possible. Once you have that, you want to open up a business bank account so that you can start off on the right foot and use that business bank account for any transactions for your business. In the beginning, a lot of us like to rely on whatever credit card is available, whether it's a personal credit card, a personal debit card, whatever's closest to get those things going for your business. But that's where it becomes messy for when you do sign up for bookkeeping, because we have situations where we, we, I'm sorry, that's my dog barking, you guys. I have two kids, they'll bark in a second. Sorry about that. So you just want to make sure that you get started off on the right foot by having those business transactions paid from your business bank account. Because we've had situations where we onboard new clients, and they've been using all different outlets to pay for business expenses, like personal accounts, personal credit cards. And it's not impossible to get through, but it just requires a lot of legwork on your part to help us get those transactions, because we don't want to connect any personal accounts to QuickBooks. We want to keep your QuickBooks strictly for your business. So in order to get those transactions out of your personal accounts that you used for your business, it would just require you having to go and log on to your online accounts, extract CSV files, remove the transactions that are personal, give us the ones that are business. But in order to eliminate all that, the best thing to do is just open up a business bank account right away. And obviously, if you're a new business, you're not going to have money in there. So the best thing to do is just take a chunk of money from your personal account, deposit that into the business account, and then just start running those expenses through there. Because then when you are ready for bookkeeping, we're going to connect you to QuickBooks, we're going to connect your business bank account to QuickBooks. And then all those transactions are going to sink over all by themselves. You won't have to go into your personal accounts and extract those for us. OK, perfect. And then just at a curiosity, I have a W2. And things as one is paying for things to form a business prior to having a business account, for example, like just investing in sub two, are those things that can retroactively be put into business expenses? Yes, they are. OK. And then I think the rest of my questions are for a CPA. But I appreciate that. I book to call with you all as well. Awesome. Let's see what we can do. Thanks so much for your time today. Thank you. All right. Does anyone else have any questions before we head off here? Anybody? All right. Well, I think this is going to be common ongoing things. So if you didn't get your question answered today, I think I'll be joining you guys in another couple of weeks. And you can save your questions for me at that time. And we'll go over some new topics at that time too. If you have any topic suggestions, let me know. Feel free to reach out to me. You can find me on Instagram at Tony Counts Numbers. My email is Tony at innovationcounts.com. Feel free to reach out. And we can answer your questions there as well. All right. Thank you guys. Have a good night and Merry Christmas.