 All right guys, pretty fun evening. I apologize for going a little bit longer than I planned an hour and 15 minutes. Hopefully this was valuable to you guys. Who am I going to see in the next zoom on Gator Lending that's going to be part of this amazing thing we're going to do. We're going to write a book about it. We're going to do stories all about this. There's going to be a whole I might have to create a whole discord chat with inside of sub two just about Gator Lending specifically to teach you guys how to do this. We'll bring in my attorney. We're going to create a whole strategy specific to this one thing and we'll have a lot of fun build some community around this to help a lot of people because like you guys said, there's people or you guys saw in the comments. There's a lot of people that have transactions right now, but they don't have earnest money. They don't have $1,500 to get a wholesale deal done that they're relying on. There's people that I'll fund $2,500 for that are making 25 grand and they're too afraid to ask their buyer to come up with the $2,500 for whatever reason. There are so many ways for you to make money by just being the person that helps people out on these types of transactions. It also adds another layer of value that you can provide to other people like you go to a rhea. But you when wherever you guys go, now you're going to say, how can I provide value to you? You can now say I can do transactional funding for you. Adds another level of value and even if it's like $2,000 or $3,000, there's value there for new or budding wholesalers. Now also think about it. You're on wholesale hotline. You're on Sunday service. You go on other people's lives. You go on YouTube, right? You go into if you go into Jerry Norton's YouTube or Max Maxwell's YouTube and their comments. If so many people that are like, how do I cover my earnest money? As you can just go into YouTube and go, hey, send me a message. I can do transactional funding for you. Wholesale Facebook groups. How many Facebook groups are out there right now that there are wholesalers that are just desperately looking for somebody to help them cover $500 to $1,500 to $12,000, $2,500 of earnest money. So really good strategy. Should have a lot of fun. By the way, do you know how many lenders there are in the country? Us turning 500 if you guys into it won't even make a drop. Won't even make a drop. There's so many lenders out there. How do I get a sample contract? Norma, you could go to pacemorbye.com and I give away contracts on there further. I cashed stuff. When is the thing in Vegas? Helena says we lost 100 people with all this info. Well, here's the thing is people leave because they wanted the $10,000. I didn't come here for anything other than $10,000. That's always going to be the case, guys. That's a filtering mechanism anytime you're around that type of stuff. Consider it a massive, massive blessing that those people reveal themselves and their desires. You will never have to worry about that as a negative thing. I look at that as one of the greatest positive things in the world is when people filter themselves. I don't have to learn who you really are. You filtered yourself for me. It is the greatest thing ever. So when people say, how do you get over when people hurt you and take advantage of me? I think them. I say thank you for showing me who you really were way faster than six months or a year or two years or three years, etc. All right, guys, you guys, did everybody have fun? Anybody learn a couple things? You guys learn a whole new strategy that you didn't even know existed. I lit it. I'm not joking you guys. I probably gave you guys a million dollars in value. If you took action on this exact strategy, I give you a million dollars of value that you can use the rest of your life. I have called this strategy because I've been doing this for years. I used to call this the wedge strategy where I would wedge myself into people, other people's transactions because I had a resource. In fact, another resource you could do that's not a line of credit, but I have a deal right now. It's a more beam method transaction. A lot of people in here don't even know what a more beam method transaction is. I'm sorry you guys don't know creative finance, but the more beam method transaction that I'm in, I'm lending my credit. I'm actually a, I'm the qualifying party for somebody else's transaction and I'm obtaining the loan for them. And I will then earn a chunk of money and then I will earn a portion of equity as well. So I didn't have to find the deal, talk to the seller negotiating anything. I didn't actually have to come out a pocket, any money. I just leveraged a resource I had to wedge myself into a deal. Okay. So I will teach you guys all these strategies in future zooms. We're going to create a whole series on this and I look freaking, I look like so I'm so freaking excited about this with you guys. I think let's see. We have 500 people that have taken action. So I will see 500 of you guys in the next zoom. It'll be a blast. So guys, thank you so much. I don't know the next time I'm going to give away $10,000, but next time we'll maybe even give away more, maybe give away another car. So we'll see you guys in the next zoom. Thank you guys so much.