 Good morning, good morning. Happy Sunday, Gator, Tribe. It's been a bit. Thanks for being patient with me. I know I've already overperformed. I promised everybody six trainings in six months. And I think we're at like the 10th training or 8th or 9th training in like three months. So we're like three months ahead. And we've already done more training than I planned on. So I want to keep going, keep doing a lot more. Actually wanted to come in here today and tell you the next thing I'm going to be training you guys on. We've got a lot of people making a good amount of money ahead. Couple of my sub two students, obviously a lot of my sub two students are also Gators. And so I get it a lot of DMs, a lot of messages, a lot of time my sub two students come in and they ask me, gator questions throughout the week. Because I typically will do a typical to do like three to five trainings a week for my sub two students on various topics. And so they come in, come hang out with me and they tell me about their wins. And so we had one student came in on Sunday this last week. I did a Q and a and said they loaned 15 grand made 15 grand in return. Then another one made loaned 30 grand. It was a large amount of money, but they made $60,000 in return as a gator. A lot of amazing stories coming in a lot of smaller ones too. Which is cool. You don't win a game by trying to get hit a home run every single time. You win a game by hitting single base hits, right. And actually what I should say is you you win the game by playing the game, right. You got to be in the game. A lot of people that are hesitant, not taking action. And I just wish there was a magical pill that I could provide to people. You know, I give them a pill and just get them into taking action. It's bonkers to me. Honkers people like after two months of let's say learning a new skill, people go, oh, this hasn't worked for me or I haven't made money from this yet. And I'm like, gosh, dude, like name one thing in the world, right. Name one thing in the world that you work on or you consume content on for two months. And all of a sudden miraculously it's solved all your problems. Does anybody does anybody know anything that works like that? No, yes. Nothing. I mean, think about like even doctors, right. Doctors will take eight to 16 years, depending on what they specialize in to make 300 grand a year. Eight to 16 years in curve massive amounts of education debt, massive amounts of their life wasted, in my opinion, on that long of education, because it takes that long to learn that takes that long to learn being a doctor. Right. Had there says the action I was so hard to take on the first gator deal, but I learned so much. That's the honestly, I learned the recipe for everything is don't even learn everything. In fact, it's preferred that you don't know everything before you start doing things. You learn everything while you're in motion. You learn everything and then it absorbs also. All right. Good morning. Good morning, everybody. I always get got to take a couple minutes let people kind of me and or in hang out. I've got a handful of things I want to do with you guys. So I want to remind you guys, I know that we're on like by now, if you're in the gator tribe, you should know what gator is. We've probably spent I think a collective about 25 hours together. And this is not creative finance. So and so like creative finance, I could literally spend the next 10 years talking about creative finance. It's so deep wide. It's such a vast wide open plane. Whereas gator lending really is only about five things. Okay. So gator lending first and foremost is lending money on people's EMD. Okay. This is the most simple. Probably probably the highest profit in terms of speed. So this is really preferred for people that are just kind of starting out in the gator world. Mario Mario, did you just ask what EMD means? Wow. Mario, did you just did you somehow just get in here? How did you get in here? This is why I locked out the gator training. Oh, he got in here from the next project. Got it, got it, got it. Mario, don't ask any questions. Please no offense to you. You need to go back and watch gator one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight before you start asking questions. You're more than welcome to come in here and hang out. But we, I don't want to talk about stuff we've already covered, things we've already trained. I want to move forward. It's the reason why I actually closed out the gator tribe is because I wanted this to be one of the only mentorships I have that we move forward on. And don't feel bad about asking the question. It actually provides an amazing opportunity for me to say, hey, go back and watch the trainings. We have eight, I'm sorry, does anybody know how many trainings there are? I think collectively it's probably 12 to 14 trainings, including the first three that we did for free to like the whole world. I would imagine, oh yeah, you got to catch up 100% you got to catch up a lot. Okay, so the first part of gator training is lending on somebody's EMD, right? So you're essentially you've got your PC health, how's the PCS been on corporate credit, by the way, they just sent me a report and said that they have helped the gator tribe get $4 million so far in lines of credit, credit cards, etc. Is everybody getting building up their business credit? Man, are you guys asleep? Okay, ticker says yes love that PCS has been great. Love it, love it, love it. Okay, cool. Has been great. PCS is very helpful and super nice. So, Fee, have you been getting lines of credit, even up there in Canada, like are that you guys getting mood, mood shackles or whatever you guys call those loonies, tunis and moonies. Okay, so no, we don't haven't been moving on the loonies, tunis and poonies, but I'm getting very, very close because I'm going to be moving down real soon, so it didn't make a whole lot of sense. I've got my entity setup, I've got them find funded with some personal money. But I am working you've got some gator loans funded right now. No, no, I have not, I have not. So I am one of those people that have none yet, but I sorry, you know, being up here and having a lot of litigation going on, it's a little bit different, but I do have Greg who has stepped up, he's their attorney and he's helping me finish setting everything up and before I hit the ground, I'll be making. The first set of loans love it. Okay, very, very, and I just have to say that I've dealt with many, many different companies and PCS values you so much that they value me in a very, very, very substantial way and that kind of credibility, you don't get from everyone, you know, just because you're part of their organization. So I'm very, very grateful to you and super grateful for PCS, you know, they're there. Yeah. It's amazing to hear that. Thank you so much for that. I, you really want people at care more than anything else. Like I'm not looking for perfect. I'm looking for some it has great bedside manner. You know, people complain, it was really interesting. I'll tell you guys an interesting story and you guys need to be writing this down for your own lives and we're going to get into some really cool stuff here in a little bit. I wasn't planning on having F.E. But anytime F.E. starts talking, I want to, I want to hear what she has to say. So that's the interesting thing. So when you guys are making friends and business associates filter people as quick as possible. I can tell you, I woke up yesterday. And I was so grateful for all my friends because they look at everything that's going on in my life that's positive and it's all because of the people I know it's not. You know, I might have had a great idea, but I didn't know how to implement a great idea. I didn't know how to, you know, do anything I'm doing today without the people I've met along the way. I didn't just go, oh, I know how to do this. And here's where it goes. And this is what happens. And then this triggers this. And like, I've had to just be around people that won give me permission because they're taking action as well. And two people that are like, oh, yeah, let me fix that for you. Or even three, sometimes people inspire me to a point where I'm like, oh, this is a great idea. So what's interesting is like Gator, you know, they've given $4 million. And it's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. It's not just a great idea. You can't see the technology. You can't see the technology. You can't see the technology. You can't see the technology. You can't see the industry. You can't see the industry. You can't see the industry. You can't see the industry. You can't see the technology. unless you have somebody who cares like a Steve Harward and a Tommy. And so what I, what I, it was interesting. I was just in North, South Carolina. We went to Greensboro, South Carolina, and I spoke on stage for a very small event. I haven't spoken at this small event in three years. But I was at an Atlanta meetup in November last year, and somebody came up to me and said, we use speak at our event sometime next year. And I didn't even hesitate. Yes, you have, you have the guts to ask me all day long and I'll bring Jamil. And so they go, oh my gosh, we've got paste and Jamil coming to speak on stage. Which dude, we're just two regular guys. But we, you know, we've been so consistent. People see in our faces so much that people, you know, grow to, you know, like us. So they use our names. I'm happy that they do. That's fine. They use our names and they get two other influencers to come with us. Well, Greensboro doesn't really have a great, big airport. I can't fly directly to Greensboro from Phoenix. So we had to fly from Greensboro to Atlanta. Love that city. We ended up linking in with these other two influencers at the airport. Because okay, paste and Jamil, we just landed at Atlanta. You guys around, I just saw paste's story. Because usually if you just follow my stories, you know where I am. And we link in with them. We jump in the car. And we have now a two and a half hour drive from Atlanta to Greensboro. And I'm listening to one of the guys. Okay. He is asking me, paste, how do you build a community? Why do your people love you so much? Tell me the secrets. He's like taking notes. I'm like, bro, if you're, if you're taking notes on what I'm doing, you're lacking one thing. And he goes, what am I lacking? You're lacking the heart. Your heart shouldn't tell you. You shouldn't have to ask how to care about people. Right? You shouldn't have, he's like, okay, he's taking notes. He's taking, he's even taking notes about me saying like, you need to have a heart. That's the thing that's missing. You know, no influencer shows up at six o'clock in the morning. Yesterday I was five o'clock in the morning. Hang out with sub two students. I went, you know, it's a bonus zoom. And even I go an hour and a half longer than I plan because I freaking love hanging out with you guys. You guys are my friends. I care. And so, however, I was worried that you were carrying a bit too much coming, you having, how I'm out of the hospital, you know, I was like, oh, slow. But I can see you're 100% back. But I, that's the thing is you have to understand this gives me energy. If I'm lacking energy, hanging out with you guys actually gives that energy to me. And so people like, paste, slow down. I'm like, this isn't work to me. I get to hang out with my friends. Like I, I don't, don't you guys all remember hanging out with your friends in high school and college and in elementary school, like you lose track of time. You want to be around your friends. This is how I feel. And so I'm sitting here talking to this guy. And he's like, well, you're, you know, your YouTube's going to hit 100,000 subscribers here pretty soon. And I think in like two, maybe three weeks, we'll hit 100,000 subscribers for a creative finance channel. The closest creative finance channel close to me is maybe 10,000, right? So he's asking me all these questions about influence and influence in this and the other. And I tell him like, here's the technical, tactical things. But also, you just got to know he's like, how do you have all the energy? How do you, like these people give me energy, dude? Like these are my friends. I'm doing deals with them. I bought, you know, 500 doors this year with my people. I'm not trying to like gain influence. I'm trying to help people and collaborate with them. Like I look at them as peers. And he goes, or future peers, right? In terms of wealth and all that kind of stuff. He says something so atrocious. Like I'm all, I almost want to refrain. It's like Sunday and the in the subconscious or the conscious, like very back voice in my head says, don't say these words out of your mouth. But I'm going to say them. I'm going to tell you what this human being said because I want to show you guys what really goes on in the influencer world. It's disgusting. So we're driving out to Greensboro. And he starts complaining about how small the audience is, right? Oh, it's so stupid. Why are you guys wasting your time? And I'm like, dude, this is what this is your problem. Your problem is you think any of this is a waste of time. I'm going to meet somebody face to face. I'm going to even if it's 20 people, 30 people. I'm going to give somebody a hug. I'm going to give somebody encouragement. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. It's going to be one person that turns into 10 people that that person helps. And then those 10 people, if they can catch that vision, they'll go help 10 other people. So I look at every audience as 10 times bigger than who I'm speaking to, right? And he says, no, man, it's just because you love jerking people off. I go, what do you mean? He's like, it's just random people. You're just going there to jerk these people off. I'm like, I don't reply. And he's like, he's like, oh, sorry, bro. Like, did did I just like touch a touch a thing? And I said, this is what I said, him, we sat in silence for almost an hour after this. He says, did I upset you? I go, no, you triggered my filter. You're no longer welcome in my life. Oh, dang. I said this in, I, yeah, this is an influence. Bro, you, you guys wouldn't even believe some of the nicest people on the front of the stage are the biggest pieces of crap behind the stage. And he, he's like, I've done 500 videos on YouTube and I can't gain traction. I'm like, because you have no heart. Yeah. You have no belief in what and other people, you're doing it to make money. Your business model is coaching. My business model is changing people's lives and doing deals with them. We're not the same. Yeah. Well, if he was going out there to do that, that's not exactly him. Well, he says, he says before it got to that point, he's like, I showed up because pace and jamele's face was on this thing, thinking this thing was going to be, was going to be huge. And now I find out there's only going to be 30 people there. And I go, bro, I don't care if there's one person there. I'm going to make them feel like Kanye West just walked in the building and I'm going to touch their heart. And we're going to make them leave better people. And, um, he, and I, what I actually said, as I said, I actually enjoy smaller crowds because I can then memorize everybody's names. And when people DM me on Instagram, I can then voice memo them with a memory about that individual person. When I go to a group, forget about clever summit because clever summit was like sub two summit, right? Like I already knew 80% of the people there and already knew everybody's names. But when I go to other things like 200, 300, you know, speak person speaking engagements, what's challenging is people will say, pace, I saw you at this event. I'm like, sorry, we didn't get a meet. I'm sorry, we didn't get a chance to talk. I'm sorry, we didn't get a chance to like see eyeball to eyeball because I want you guys to remember something. Okay. I want you to remember something. Whatever you want in life, it's in somebody else's pocket. Everything, everything you want in life is in somebody else's pocket. So you can either be a jerk and try and rob them or you can do business with them and exchange value for value. And the guy that, um, I was talking to in the car. I want to, I almost want to say his name because I'm so disgusted by him, but I don't, I don't want to ever be that guy. Um, the, the guy that was with us. And now if you guys go back and backtrack on like, who was at the event with us and who, who came with us, you guys could probably go find out who this human being was. He gets on stage and all he does is like, Hey guys, my coaching product is my coaching product that and coaching, coaching, coaching, coaching, coaching, coaching, my bro. If you're selling coaching to make money, you're doing it wrong. Like this is why this is, I don't know if you guys know this, but sub two is the seventh most popular mentorship out of 18,000 mentorships in the United States. I didn't say most sale, selling. I said most popular. Okay. There's something called first promoter. It's a software goes across all platforms and it like goes through around the user experience. What, how, you know, is it changing people's lives? Is it moving the needle for people? You know, all of those things and we get, you get a first promoter score. Okay. It has nothing to do with money. Has everything to do with people's lives actually changing. And we're number seven. Okay. There's other people that I'm chasing that they've just been doing this longer than me. They know psychology better to get people to take action at a higher level. And those are things that I'm going to continue to implement and learn. And I met the person that's number one. Her name is Charlotte. She owns a publishing company. So she teaches people how to publish books on Amazon. And her user experiences so good. I sat down with her in Miami for about four hours and she told me like amazing things that will help people take action faster because that's like my big weak point. I feel like I'm really good at it. But I feel like that's the place I should be, you know, improving. And I'm sitting there obsessing over these types of things. And this guy, okay. The guy who I just told you out of 18,000. He's in the 17,000's. Okay. When you look at the long list, you got to scroll down for about seven minutes to get all the way down to where he's at. Now, Mike, this is your problem. You have no heart. This is a business model to you. People, these people are customers to you. To me, these people are my friends. They're my family members. These people and I do deals together. My hard work feeds and puts money on their table and their hard work feeds and puts money on my table, right? And you can bet that Charlotte, who graciously gave of her time to you, is a different experience. If some crazy way, this guy was the number one, he wouldn't be sharing anything. Oh, no. You know, he wouldn't be the number one. He never will be. Right. Because he's not giving. It's physically impossible for that guy to, to, in the problem is he just has a broken mindset. And he's at a point now in his life where he's like, you know, he makes enough money that he thinks that he has all the answers. Right? It was really interesting to watch all this. So the point of all of this is like when you have people in your life that are like that, I immediately filter them out. I block them on. So even if I don't have any beef with them, I block them on social media immediately. I don't want to have anything to do with them. The negative energy that they bring to the world. I wish I understood energy in my 20s. I didn't believe in like energy. I was a blue collar guy that just was like, work harder. It'll work out. Guys, energy is a real thing. Like, you know, it's crazy. It's like mom and dad fighting in the living room, that energy that fills the room that we carry energy with us. And anybody have anybody in their life that like when that person walks in the room, you feel like, oh, right? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people at your day jobs, right? When I used to have a job at corporate companies, it's like just being around people that just gave you an energy. Sometimes it's not even bad. It's just indifferent. It's just not positive. And then there's people that give great energy. And you're like, gosh, I just want to be around you more. You inspire me. Your energy makes my energy vibrate at a different frequency. And it makes me feel elated to be alive, right? And so if I'm not, I'm not Jamil in the mindset world, I just know how people make me feel. And so back to the Steve thing. Because I've got some really fun things that I want to bring up that I'm working on. And we're I'm now advancing this the education on the gator side. So I meet Steve. And this is what is funny is that Steve's energy vibrates at an amazing vibration. He's an amazing human being. I would say there's now at this point we've been really good friends for two years. He's one of five people that I would trust with my children. Like, nice. Very few people I would I would trust. Like, hey, I'm going on vacation, watch my watch my children. He's one of those people. And so what I learned through this whole experience was when you have people that are not vibrating at the same frequency or higher than you, get them out of your life. Because what they're going to do is they're going to plant seeds of doubt in your mind of working with other people. And then you're going to rob yourself, your family, your employees, your colleagues, everybody else from amazing blessings because of bad experiences that you've had. I think we all have that. Like after you you brought that up about like, you have money transferring a big significant amount of money transferring. And you're like, I need to get it from Canada down to America essentially. So you can actually do business. And you're like, I'm afraid of people stealing my stuff. Because bad people have done bad things to you and bad things have happened to your family members. And it's you got to filter out the negative people as fast as possible. And I appreciate you sharing that about PCS. It means the world to me. Last thing I'll say before I tell you guys what I want you guys to know what is what you should be expecting. Coming down the pipe is I was listening to my wife's Instagram. She was we were hanging out in bed. She was like swiping through and this person says something it really res. It didn't hit me and resonate with me until Fee started speaking. This guy says people reward or look up to people who have gone through these crazy battles. And overcome these crazy battles. You know, we we turn them into heroes as we should. But the real heroes are the people that go and do things, deal with things, create things without ever telling anybody about them. And we never even knew that they had a battle. Right. And I was like, well, I like both of them. I think both people are heroes first and foremost. But what resonated with that and what you were bringing up is that Tommy and Steve, I talk to Steve almost every day. You voice memos, you know, hey, a client had a problem just so you know we're fixing it. This and the other, they've never once told me about how much time and energy they put into that specifically. They just do the thing. And I used to tell this story to Anna Martinez who no longer works for me, but she worked for me for nine years. She decided to go off and build her own construction business as she should have probably four years ago. Happy for her proud of her, etc. But Anna would want to tell me every little thing she did all the time so she could justify her paycheck. And I would I asked Anna, I go, Anna does it. If a tree falls in the woods and no one's around to hear it, does it make a sound? And she's like, I don't know. Is that a trick question? I go, no, it's not a trick question. There is only one logical answer to that. She goes, well, yeah, it makes a sound. I go, okay, great. Even if no one was around to hear it, did it make a sound? She's like, yeah, made a sound. I go, then stop telling me every time you chop down a tree. I the tree fell down. That's how I knew it fell fell down. I don't need to hear it. You don't need to tell me every time you do your job. I don't want to your job descriptions is not to tell me every time you do something. And the reason she would do that is because she would, I know when you're doing your job, it shows up in our business. And when you're not doing your job, I also know you're not doing because it shows up in our business. And what I need is I need people are chopping down trees without me having to hear about it all the time because I need to be going out and finding new mountains to to dominate that we can chop down more trees. And you know, Carly, Carly, who's a new hire for me, she's also a mastermind student. She's one of these people that understands that. Like she comes in, she's like, I'm going to do my job. I'm not only going to do my job. I'm going to go above and beyond and find things that nobody told me to do because I want to bring value to this world. And I'm like, I reward those people so much. I'm like, oh my gosh, you are like one and a million. And so when you find somebody like a Steve or a Tommy that gets an email from a client who's not paying them a tremendous amount of money, they look at every dollar from that client's perspective and they go, this is this might not be a tremendous amount of company to a company is doing 100 million a year. But this is a tremendous amount of money to that individual client. And we're going to treat it as such. That's a person you never want to filter out of your life. Now, they will always always be my entity developer and they're going to keep them in my and they'll be your friends and you'll be able to, you know, you'll see Steve at events and go up and give Mahog and oh, I'll probably not the poor guy over. Yeah. Anyhow, I actually get off the stage. I just want to say thank you. And I also want to say thank you to all the people in sub two. I've got Chris Kalamari, we've got Venetia, we've got all these people, Venetian is up there waiting. But people that do so much for our community and don't bring it to you. I barely ever bring anything. I bring something if I think you need to know, like is this the reality is this happened that you should be aware of? That's it. Because we need to free your time up so you can go and find those mountains. And it's also what we are. We have to go forward and help graciously without expecting anything back because we get back so much. So I think that's part of what you draw towards your face, which is yeah, we just to be clear on that. The I went to lunch yesterday with a good chunk of dudes. I was like, where's all, where's all of our girls? I know I said the same thing. I looked at the picture and I was like, was it boys only? No, I was like, where's all the ladies? We what it was is I went to a house. I interviewed an agent about subject two is her first subject two deal that she did with me. She made $28,000 something dollars and she was just so happy. She's like, you know, you solve my sellers problem. You gave him a hundred grand more than what anybody else was willing to offer him. It was great. So I'm like, this is a great opportunity to interview this agent. Chop it up. Give it to the sub two students so they can take that video and share that with agents going forward. And so I was like, Hey, Munif, let's have lunch with everybody. So anyway, we're at lunch and people come up to me. It's been going on like this for two years. They come up to me and they go, you have no idea how much you've helped me. Even though you're not the one physically doing it, I go, yeah, I do know. And you know how I know I had this vision three years ago that I wanted to create something that nobody else has. And in order to accomplish that something that nobody else has, I have to attract people that nobody else have. And so I found those people. Then my next job is to give them permission to love on each other and to know each other. And then the next step is to turn those people into leaders. And the next step is for those people to make money by being leaders and supporting their family. And then making those people feel like heroes because that's really what they are. And it, this was written down. Like might have might have been might have been well has been Moses on the might have been the 11th commandment. It was written in stone coming down from Mount Sinai. Like we are going to build something special that changes people's lives. And we really have. And we're just starting. That's the freaking cool thing about this. We're just starting. So I appreciate you. Fee so much. We all adore you. Thank you. Thank you. She's amazing. Guys, give her some love. They're very good at these very, very good. She's amazing. Thank you so much. So a couple of things that I'm working on. I wanted to give you guys. What I wanted to do in the very, here's the here's the vision of Gator. Okay. I know a lot of you guys know the vision of Gator, but please pay attention because this is pretty powerful stuff. Gator is something I've been doing for a long time. Okay. By Maria. She says she's going to church. Is that I just remind you of going to church with the Moses reference? Is that what happened there? All right. So the original, the original vision of Gator is that I've been doing Gator for a long time. I didn't do it originally when I was in real estate. I actually do it used to do it as a contractor. So what would happen is I had a buddy named Ruben Dominguez that would come to me. And he would ask me, Mark, Mike Garcia says, I'm late. Bro, you're right on time. You're good. So Ruben Dominguez would come to me and he go, pace, I need $6,000 this Friday to cover my payroll. And I go, okay, that's not something I do, but sure, let's let's do it. And so I would give him 6 grand on Friday and then by like Monday or Tuesday, his customers check that was put on hold would get released. And I he'd pay me not just my 6 grand. He'd pay me sometimes 3 grand more, sometimes 6 grand more, sometimes 9 grand more. I'm like, dude, I literally am doubling my money. It got to a point where I almost was like freaking like counting on this money. It was like, man, I'm making as much money on doing this as I am being an actual contractor. Like, this is freaking crazy. I kept wanting him to come back and come back and come back. And he did. And then there's times where he didn't need me for 6 months and I was like, gosh, dude, this is like a whole business model. Then I learned that there actually are companies that do this. It's called fractional lending. Okay. And what they do is they will go to companies that have cash flow issues and they'll say, hey, you got to cover your payroll. It's 200 grand. As long as you have invoices to your customers that you are receiving that money, you just as this is crazy. A lot of people this will go over your head. But in a regular business like we see this all the time. Okay. I'll actually pull it up. I think I've got the right name for it. I ended up having a making a friend that owned a business that that's all they do. Okay. And you guys will learn some crazy stuff. It's this crazy health, the world of finance work. So let's see here. I'm borrow money against invoices. Business loans. Okay. No hard credit pull. Non-recourse. Okay. So here goes. Invoice financing is a way for businesses to borrow money against the amounts due from their customers. Okay. So you'll get a lot of customers, especially with like Walmart. Let's say that I'm a supplier. Like I'm a supply product to Walmart. Walmart puts it on their shelf. Walmart pays on what is called a net 120, which means after 120 days of them having your product on the shelf, they will then pay you. So they take your money. They take your product. They sell it. They don't pay you for 120 days. Okay. They're at factoring. There you go. Thank you, Michael. Thank you so much. So it's called factoring. Okay. So Michael, he says it's called factoring invoices. We did this in my dad's business. So it's huge. People go, I let's say I'm selling a battery to Walmart. Okay. I learned about this because this is what my dad did. My dad used to own a battery company in Atlanta. And he would sell to Walmart. The problem is when you're brand new, you need cash flow. And so what happened is Walmart's like, yeah, we'll pay you in 120 days after your product is sold off our shelf. It's like as a brand new business has payroll every two weeks. Like how do you do that? So what they would do is they go to factoring businesses and there's thousands of them. Like if you pulled up factoring business online, you could probably find 10,000 of thanks for reminding me of what this is called. So there you go. Factoring invoices. Okay. Biz to credit 25 to like it's huge. It's a huge mongest business. Okay. It's a huge mongest business. Like people have made YouTube videos about it. How does invoice factoring work? Right. It's a thing. Essentially, it's gator. It's like gator lending. It's like, I'll lend you the money, but I want to chunk. So what they would do is they would take that you would assign the invoices to your the factoring company. And when Walmart paid, they paid the factoring company not you. So the factoring company took the full amount of money that was paid from Walmart. And they would essentially pay you like 90% of it. Right. So they're taking 10% of your total invoice. So some of these invoices could be $2 million and they factoring companies taking 200 grand on 120 day loan. Like tremendous amount of money. Okay. Tremendous amount of money. One of the first investors I ever borrowed money from when I was starting out and fixing in flipping his name's Jack. That's all jacked it. I was like, wait, you do what? Oh, I know what that is. Right. So a lot of people are doing that. Okay. So it's a thing. It's just that nobody has been doing it for earnest money deposits ever. Like it was people have done it before. They didn't know they were doing it until we started calling it gator lending. So for anybody, it's kind of newer. What we're essentially doing is we're doing all of that in our own version. Right. A lot of things are going to change dramatically over the next couple of years. In the real estate world, the regulators are being influenced by the National Association of Realtors. Okay. The NAR. You don't know about this. You're about to know about this. Go watch Jerry Norton's channel. He talks about this all the time. So the NAR National Association of Realtors has already gotten four states and could and ours is the fifth. In the state of Arizona, you can no longer wholesale a contract in real estate unless you tell the seller you are a wholesaler. It has to be in the document. It can't be, you know, I'm buying this or and or assigning it. You can't do that. You have to say you and your your intention is to wholesale. You can't say I may be wholesale and maybe this. You have to say I am a wholesaler, a real estate wholesaler and I intend to wholesale your contract. So what do you think that does to us as lenders? What opportunity does that give us guys? Let's fill up the chat. Let's see if you can figure this out. Naomi, there you go. You just actually hit it right on the head. Okay. Double closes. Okay. So the read one of the biggest things I saw coming about a year ago is that you're going to you guys. I'm our my main business and gator lending is staying away from EMD loans because I'm so many people come to me for EMD loans and I say go to the gators and there isn't that something you do. I go I did it until I trained the gators and now I feel like I'm stealing business from them. Okay. Double closing is going to be humongous. Absolutely humongous. It's going to be in I think in the next three years, I think every single state, it's going to be the primary source of how people are wholesaling. It's the way to get around whole the wholesale regulations because you're not wholesaling. You're owning the property for a minute and you're then closing it the other way. And so you guys as a tribe of gators, you guys need to understand that you should be becoming friends with each other and as you guys are gaining income and gaining lines of credit, you guys should be banding together and lending money on these deals. Double closes are actually one of the safest ways to make money as a gator lender. Okay. So that's the second thing you can do as a gator. Okay. So the first way it's thing you can do, you guys are new we had a couple people in here that were new. Your EMD, right? You're making simple profit, a lot of speed, really great. Second thing you're doing is you're going to be doing a lot of double closes. Okay. Double closes are so amazing. Carlos says, I decided not to take deals by myself anymore. Love that. Squad up with each other. Do deals with each other. Go to Chris Kalamari, go to other people like Brandon Shaw, go to other people that are doing deals and are active in learning this kind of stuff. Okay. Shoot, I'm about to need a double close right now. Well, guys, you think Kyle Alexander is in the right place. There's plenty of money in here. Okay. Who wants to do a double close for Kyle Alexander? It's pretty easy. Okay. You could get three, four, five people together and double close that thing. This is going to be huge. Mungus. Double closes is going to be huge. Double closes. Okay. So going back to double closes, this is going to be a major opportunity. Already isn't a major opportunity. If you guys are not promoting this as also when you guys are going out and you're promoting your gator services, you need to be telling people that you can double close. And a lot of people in here don't have enough money to double close. Your average, the average double close that I see right now is about $250,000 is the purchase price. Okay. And what people are charging that are professional double closing companies transactional lending is they're charging two to four percent. Okay. So two percent of that would be five K. And four percent of that would be ten K. Okay. And you're charging that for literally 12 hours worth of money. Your money is out for 12 hours, not even that. Like you wire the money in the day. In the morning, they wire the money back to you at the night at night time. Okay. That's how fast you can double close a deal. And you're making ten grand in a day type of thing. You do that one of these a week. It's pretty decent. Okay. So double closes is huge. Okay. Another thing that I've been doing a lot more a lot of lately is I've been doing a lot of sponsoring. Okay. I'm sponsoring people's fixed inflips. So people come to me. And what they'll do is they'll go to like my investor loan. Who we use a lot of. So people go there. They go to my investor loan. And then you know, they get rejected for whatever reason. Maybe it's their experience level. And you might ask, why would you why would you sponsor somebody has lack of experience? I'll get to that in just a second. Okay. So, um, yeah. Darren Talcott says, Chris Calamari and I were just talking about a guy that's doing double close model the other week. Great model to build up to. Well, guys, you guys should be collaborating with each other. Right. And doing ten of you guys should pull your money together and go do double closes. It's a great thing to do. Okay. So they either have lack of experience. Maybe they have a bad deal. Obviously, if they have a bad deal. What my team does is they'll we get a list from my investor loan and then Heidi from my team. I don't know if you guys know Heidi Silva. Heidi Silva will actually call these people and go, hey, if we could put you in touch with an experience sub two student to run this project. And we take 30% of the deal. We would be willing to sponsor your loan. Okay. And then also. Um, you have a bad deal or maybe it's or not also she says you have a bad deal. Um, you need to go back and renegotiate. And. We will then buy the deal or we'll we'll sponsor the deal at $200,000. What happens is my investor loan. They're a lender. They're not going to stay here and educate people on why they're deals a bad deal. They're just going to say it's not a good deal. And so what my team does this we're doing a little bit more advanced strategies of like and it takes time and energy. Because I really wanted to keep you guys as the main people that are making the money here. So you're not competing against me. Okay. And but my investor loan. They literally just give a denial to the people and they don't explain to them why. So my team finds out the wise right here. Heidi Silva then calls these people and says, hey, let's do a deal together. Okay. So you guys at some point will have a team and you know all that kind of stuff might be a year might be two years or whatever, but you know are you guys how long are you guys planning on being in business. Six months. 20 years. That's I Kyle. I think that's the right answer to be honest. Like forever. Is the right answer. And the reason for that is because my children will take over my business. I made a decision two weeks ago my kids are never going to school. Sorry, F.E. I know you were school teacher. My favorite part one of my favorite people in my life was Mrs. Rose and Mrs. Heredia. I loved my teachers Mrs. Ellsworth. Oh my gosh, like I freaking loved my teachers. But I don't want my kids going to school ever again. I just like what's going on and you know the safety and all the all the things. F.E. says Mrs. Rose was my favorite teacher. That's really cool. Maybe it was the same teacher. Were you and I in the same class F.E. Shoot. Okay. So my plan generationally guys for my children is that my my kids are going to take over the empire like my son Asher who's kind of timid him and him and Corbin are opposites. I'm sure a lot of you guys have kids that you're like how is this kid and this kid are not even similar and whatsoever their personalities are so different. Corbin for sure is going to run a business right she's just that person Asher we're still trying to figure out where he's going to excel and trying to give him encouragement and putting him in situation. So unfortunately with Asher I can't homeschool him because he's 50% Laura's ex husband or ex boyfriend and Laura's I can't make decision as a parent. Okay. Um, Ma says like being the black sheep I don't know what that means. I know the black sheep is but none of my children have the black sheep are the black sheep Asher is amazing he's just an introvert he doesn't he's very introverted. He has to be told what he wants rather than him saying this is what I want and we've done everything we we can. But he's not changing he's he is who he is right so Naomi says what happened to his YouTube channel you want to know guys you want to know the hard thing about YouTube channel my YouTube channel costs about an average of $500 of video. Scary to think about okay I have a thousand videos on my YouTube channel the average cost for that channel we've put about half a million dollars into that channel. So my my YouTube channel obviously gets the attention what happens is Asher and I will go film things and my video crew or my editors or whatever it puts it all by the wayside and so I just hired another video videographer yesterday that's going to come in two days a week from my wife one for my wife and one for Asher and spend a lot of time making sure that their content is put out there. Asher and I are starting by the way this will be good for anybody has kids. Asher and I are starting a YouTube automation. We have an e-commerce store already trailer rental we're going to buy a laundromat that's not really a side hustle that's like a whole business by itself. And then we've got four other things that we're going to do a side hustles next week we're going to do like a couch flipping thing we have somebody here in Phoenix that makes 15 grand a month. Mod says what do you sell in the e-commerce the virtual assistance do monthly research on it. And it changes all the time. I'll teach you guys all the stuff for free like you'll see all that stuff and what are you buying a laundromat seller finance I only buy real estate seller finance mod. Seller finance or subject to that's a. Okay so back to this so with with my kids and same thing with you guys is like you're not going to be in business six months right you're going to you have to grow up to things. And so what happens a lot of people will say stuff like I'm not ready to do transactional lending I'm not ready to sponsor. Guys you have to make sure you add the word yet to your vocabulary you're not there yet right so this is why you're in here is to learn these types of things and understand this is the path that you need to go down in order to make really really good money. And guess what for your first six months your first year. Like think about also what you can do with your teenager. Okay so like my son made my son made 30 grand last year as a 13 year old by sourcing deals for my company. Right so like there's all sorts of things your kids can do don't you think your kid could be on Facebook groups and other places trying to encourage people to set up a call with you about transactional lending or double closing like your kids can do so many things. To drive business to your company right they don't have to be 18 they don't have to be 16 like if you if I were you guys don't have your kids go work up my parents my dad taught me how to paint. There's not a single thing on a house I can't physically do I was a contractor for 10 years like we flip 7,000 houses for other people I know about everything you could imagine about a house and I do better work than most tradesmen. Maybe not as much last couple of years I've kind of lost that touch but yeah, Brandon or my son has a YouTube channel but we haven't posted our first three we filmed and edited three videos and they're going to start going out here in the next couple of weeks. So the thing that I wish my parents taught me is how money works and how to go make money no matter where you are. Okay, because think about this like you guys could then travel anywhere in the country I look at this and I'm like man you could literally just get in an RV with your kids and just do transactional lending EMD lending you could do sponsoring of loans and you guys could travel the country in a freaking trailer make 40 50 60 thousand dollars a month doing that right. Paulette says these zooms are so important always motivating said same thing for me reminds me of like what I should be doing better right so I'm in this weird world in my life where I'm like in order to become you guys want to hear the equation. I'll tell you guys about more about loan money, but you guys don't when you say something about I want to learn more about x ones, he tell me what you mean by that it makes I need a jumping off point like hey I'm missing this or hey will you talk more about loan sponsoring or just say you know give me a say I don't know what I want to know I just want to know more I'm okay with that just give me a jumping off point right. Angel says makes me want to go make a kid right now I'm I'm definitely making a kid another kid this month this year for sure I'm going to my goals to get my wife pregnant this year. Yeah, four more months. So what I would be doing if you guys have kids is I would encourage your kids to hang out with you and show them what they can do with their money so you guys want to hear what I'm doing asher money just real fast I'll jump into a little bit more about sponsoring and I'll tell you a couple of other other things too. So what I'm doing with asher is I'm also I'm this is one of the most important things I'm teaching asher is I'm teaching asher years asher okay I want asher to learn how to go out and make money no matter where he's at in the world right. I'm going to remind myself to permanently mute people so I want asher to be able to make money no matter where he's at in the world and also when asher turns 18 and I'm going to tell the story of like what we did and how we create we found things that work for him and how we should you should be testing things with your children. Turning business into a game because I get criticism people say your children should be children like no they should not be. What you should be is a child your whole life constantly intrigued by new things constantly trying to learn new things you should never stop being a child the difference is the way I look at a child and what you look at a child is the way I was raised is like no you're not responsible you can't do anything and you instill these things with kids that they're too small and they're to this and they're to that I don't want my kids ever have that feeling. You guys have to learn or you guys should already know this that you guys should be turning business into a game for your children sometimes they're not going to like the game that you're playing right they're not going to go I don't like couch flipping I personally don't like couch flipping because it's physical in nature you have to a lot of times drive and deliver couches you have to have two people there's a lot of like constraints on it whereas like having having asher fine deals for me asher is like oh I'm out of money. I'm out of money okay go find a deal make 10 grand okay so that's easy doesn't need a friend he doesn't need to this so we're going to do a whole bunch of things because people have asked us to and we're going to turn into a fun thing okay so here's what I'm doing with asher okay I am taking asher and I'm saying asher you need to go find an investor right because at this age your biggest problems are I don't have any money I'm young I'm not going to do it. I have no money I have no credit okay I can't even sign a contract right all these things you can't do when you're under 18 years old okay well as you're as the parent or the guardian you need to become the investor and you need to say hey I'm going to invest in you and this is what I want okay just like you're going to train them how investors work so you're going to say okay I will up front the money so let's say for example one of the things I'm investing I invested in with asher is YouTube automation so basically a YouTube channel that automates itself and generates income by doing like the meditation channels and stuff like that where they take stock videos you guys don't know about this no who who doesn't know about this thing I'll teach you guys something really interesting so you go to if you go to YouTube and type in relax relaxing music okay people listen I do this all the time you see how many people are watching this right now 30 300 people are watching relaxing sleep music okay you see these channels 29 million views two years ago six million views right there's 282 people watching right now 365 million views in six years okay these channels make money but there's nobody's face on them nobody's talking none of that stuff okay so you pose that you basically go to a company that does these and generates these for you and they split profits with you okay I won't go into that today I'm not going to break down that that business model I do that another day another day but that channel is costing me $10,000 okay then you've got I've got an e-commerce store that is cost me $20,000 you know couch flipping will cost us like $0 that trailer business that we own I have a trailer that I spent $12,500 on it we're going to do I don't like I don't like to know personally for me but it will to know will be good for ashore I've got two cars one one car is a Kia I bought sub two no money down and then I bought I have a Prius that I was going to give away my Prius but I'm going to let ashore use my Prius for a year on Turo and we're going to document how much money you can make right so we've got like five other things we're going to do as well but there's obviously money I'm investing in these deals right I have money invested So what I do is I go to ashore and I go I will invest the money but here's what I want I want 80% of the profits okay and I will give you 20% of the profit until I get my investment back and when I get my investment back we then change the split to 50 50 Okay now what I then I'm teaching him how to do is every other every two weeks okay so this is the these are the rules with ashore every two weeks we have to have a board meeting and that board meeting is going to go on ashore's channel we're going to talk about our stuff where he did a great job where he didn't do a great job and I'm going to do this live so if anybody else has kids and you guys want to be part of the board meeting you just come and watch this live and you'll hang out with your kids and you guys can keep them you know accountable and I'm thinking about having ashore create his own discord channel so he can communicate with kids and all that kind of stuff teach him how to create a community and help people okay so we'll do a board meeting and we then we'll have a payroll okay so our payroll is we will have Tony counts my bookkeeper I think Tony's like I think she's like 200 bucks a month or something to do bookkeeping so that'll come out of our payroll the what we're going to end up hiring a VA and the VA is going to automate a lot of the stuff behind the scenes and make sure the numbers are there and all that kind of stuff and I'm going to teach ashore how to actually create a business so that he while he's at school you know the trailer rental business is interesting because the trailer rental business one trailer brings in I'd say net per month probably 1500 bucks okay that $1500 requires ashore's had months where he's made $300 and he's had months where he's made $1800 net what's the difference between these two months the difference is ashore and his laziness okay so I'm not going to teach him that lazy that he's lazy I'm going to teach him that he's the reason you're not doing these things is because you haven't delegated things you don't like doing so then you teach your child how to delegate rather than criticize them for saying gosh you're lazy like my dad did it's like okay well obviously you don't like doing the posting and you don't like communicating with the clients so is that something we can automate and if we can who's going to automate it and how do we pay them and so we'll end up having this as in our board meetings on a weekly on every other weekly basis okay and do this guys on a Sunday drive today okay on your Sunday drive go out go to dairy queen if you're in Canada like if you go to Tim Hortons okay and drive around and see if you can find anybody with a dump trailer in their in their yard okay you'll see and ashore I'm going to show you guys how to go and do arbitrage dump trailer arbitrage okay but dump trailer this is what they look like this is these are the trailers that rent for the most and that are in the most demand are these okay so this one's 13 grand the price has gone up these are great investments by the way these they the prices never go down I bought mine for 12 now they're like they're selling for almost 14 but like a seven by 14 dump trailer these things rent for 75 75 to 150 dollars a day depending on what state you're in and what time of the year okay and Arizona these rent solid for probably 75 to 100 dollars a day there's a lot of camp competition so 75 dollars is where you're at okay so this trailer your kid can do this I'll show you guys you guys care where might you guys want to learn where my trailer is is it expensive to register no like 200 bucks okay so for me let's see Mesa Arizona Cory Hicks says pace you're giving out so many lessons in this call lots of gems grateful to be part of this you guys learn in a couple things I wish this was the stuff my dad taught me my dad taught me how to paint base ports you know when I was when I was young okay so I live see so I'm right by the airport I live in or do I live I live in this little circle are here this little thing okay don't come and not come in door right here so you guys want to see the biggest house in Mesa let's see this this house is it round road okay yeah this is this house right here is the biggest house in all of Mesa number number one it's they start a candle company 20,000 square feet this house is 20,000 square feet you you bangus anyway so I live here and this is our guest house right here and I could pull the trailer into this guest we have a big garage here and then we have a like a play room on the backside here but I this garage is huge just three car garage and another three car garage we have a six car garage and then we you can see I have roundabout and like a big driveway we've done we've fit 30 cars in our driveway and stuff when we have parties and I thought about like let's have the trailer at our house and it worked okay the problem with this is that because I have a gate on my community okay people are constantly texting my son and giving we are giving them the gate code and I was just like I don't feel good about this so let's change this up okay so what we did is for a bit there's a little dirt lot right here let's see church okay right here across street from McDonald's so right here this is now been torn down and there's a dirt lot right here I called the owner and I said hey do you mind if I put my trailer right there and put like a for rent sign and he's like yeah no problem but I it's only going to be there for like a month or two okay because we're going to start building he's like but you can use it all you want is I okay cool so we use that for about three months and that was fine and then they're starting to build here so they're like polling permits doing whatever so I'm like we need to find a more permanent solution okay so right here safe way okay right here our trailer sits right here back in this see how empty this law is it's always this empty okay and we pay a hundred dollars a month to the person who owns the this area just found something it's a four it's like four miles south of us so we have the trailer here okay actually the trailer literally sits right here this is the spot that our trailer sits in it this is a covered parking our trailer sits in this exact location right here okay it has a hitch lock on it and I have a I have a little lock box that I there's a light pole right here oh amazing see there's the light pole so we put a lock box on a chain right on this thing so you can't take the lock box off the trailer sits right here and we put a little chain right here so people come and go and there's a lock that we change the code probably once a month and people have to give us a security deposit of three hundred dollars to rent the trailer before they get the key and so we give them the key this is all communicated to Asher right or Asher is doing all the communication okay Brandon says how do you keep people from cutting the hitch lock and stealing you don't I mean how do I keep people from punching me in the face I can't stop people from doing that that shit's gonna happen but this is also why you have insurance right it's the same thing is like how am I gonna keep people from doing anything in my life I can't keep people from doing anything in my life I just hope that I live in a society that 99% of time I'm not gonna have a problem right and when you do have a problem you just make sure you have insurance okay can have it park near a bank this is perfectly fine I like this area this is great they have security cameras on this building the guy who owns this building is who owns all of this and so I pay them a hundred dollars a month I already have a track I have a tracking device on it you guys want to know the tracking device I'll give it to you they're like 60 bucks I was blown away by this by the way hold on a second you guys want me to tell you this or no okay so the tracker is from a company called logistic magic you pull it up the battery I don't I don't even know how this is even possible it's crazy to me logistic mad ex okay let me give you the link anybody actually wants this okay so the link that we have so you can put this in a cigarette lighter on your kids cars which is really cool guys 69 bucks you can track anybody's car okay the one that I have let's see we I have this one right here so it was 69 bucks tracker has an amazing three year battery life 4G tracker works everywhere why five positioning for indoor locations long battery crazy crazy so when people how do you know where your trailer is all that stuff you can even have a wired solutions you never have to worry about it this I screwed this underneath the bottom of the trailer okay and so that's how my son and I track it like I could pull up right now exactly where the trailer is how do you stop them from removing it how do I stop people from worrying so much about their lives that you stop asking all those questions I can't stop them from removing it I don't teach people where I don't tell people hey by the way when you rent my trailer there's a tracker on it underneath the left base of the wheel they don't know right there's there is risk and everything right there's risk and everything so I it's a it is a good question but people overly worry and over think about a lot of stuff we the first couple of months we rented it didn't have a track on it didn't know I could even get a track I didn't even know that okay didn't know that at all what I'm actually going to do is I'm planning I'm buying a new truck next year because it's time I my F-150s like eight years old and I was thinking about doing another like hey watch me sell this F-150 on seller finance video but instead I'm going to leave my truck next to my trailer and I'm going to let people rent my truck and my trailer simultaneously because now my truck which is a really nice truck it's now eight years old has 200,000 miles on it now I can rent the truck and trailer combo for $200 a day right so now I got another $1,500 a month and people who are always worried about like I don't have a truck I don't have a this right on that right so there you go so anyway back back to what I'm doing with Asher is um you know the biggest challenge with him or anybody's business is that people just don't want to do the work it's the same thing in your guys life like think about your your life the reason why you're not making the money you want to make is because you literally just don't do the work. I mean yes you need to learn tools you need to be educated but no the Carlos there is no there's no ref fee on the monthly for the tracker you pay $69 and that's it. It's crazy. Crazy crazy crazy crazy I don't have a clue why it's so cheap but it's it is cheap and it works. Okay so like with Asher I'm trying to work our main thing is we're going to automate a lot of things for him so that he can go to school which this also teaches my son before he's 18 years old it teaches him things that I wish I learned when I was 18 which was it's not all about hard work. It's about investing in a business that works for you and so you know by the time he's 18 he'll probably have a team of like four virtual assistants they're handling all the communication on all his businesses in the reporting and the tracking and all that kind of stuff and then him and I can keep going going out and trying new businesses and teaching people which one works which one is this and we were thinking about not now but maybe in a year from now we're going to come up with like a rating system for side hustles and we're going to come up with a rating system for the next one so we're going to come up with a rating system that is going to be a big deal. And we're going to come up with something that's like okay well physicality would be a big one right like do you have to physically be involved in the business well guess what candy machines ice machines couch flipping all of that stuff is very physical in nature. Right, this is why lending and gator lending and double closing is so amazing because you don't physically have to be anywhere you have to restock inventory you don't have to mess with like machinery mechanics all that kind of stuff so like I would give those businesses zero out of 10 like I don't want that nightmare however we're also going to have is it easy to get into like barrier of entry right is it easy to get into the barrier of entry and then we'll also talk about profitability. Then one we talked about was a score talked about scale can I scale the business can does the business need me or can I delegate this to somebody else like right now my business my loan business my gator lending business I'm not involved at all. Okay, Alison Heidi and Molly run that business and we will probably this year make a million dollars in that business. Okay, none of it by the way lending EMD because I'm lending you guys do do that I probably could make two million this year just if I was lending on EMD where am I making my money. Yeah, are we done with asher thing oh I'll tell you on the asher thing final thing so once I get my investment back out of the 50 fifth we go to 50 50 okay. Here's what I'm doing with asher this is I'm going to tell you the most important thing I'm teaching asher think all this stuff I'm talking about has been good this is actually what I'll be teaching asher is out of our 80 20 split right 80 goes to me 20 goes to asher out of his 20 okay so let's say that we make 10 grand a month in our businesses he has to take 2000 of that. And he then has to invest 80% of that into passive businesses like multifamily syndications or things like that and his sisters will be his business partners in those investments. I am teaching my son not only had to invest in things passively but I'm also teaching my son how to take care of women in his life I'm trying to teach my son how to be a great husband at some point in the future. And understand that at some point you will have people that rely on you to go out and make money and you need to be a warrior and you need to understand that these women I come from a very traditional background I'm sorry for women. I don't like that I do apologize it's just I come from a traditional background where my wife is the foundation in the heart of the house and I'm the person that needs to leave every day and go bring money to the table. And it was something that scared me to death and I see a lot of young men don't want to get married they want to just keep dating women having sex with them outside of marriage because they're scared of the financial commitment that they have to make when they get married. And if you can teach men how to overcome that by investing in being an awesome business person you'll be able to solve a lot of people's fear of being married. Okay. So that's important to me I want my son and I want other people to be empowered to go and realize that this is a superpower that they should be leaning into. And then asher can take the other 20% of the money that he earns and he can go by whatever the heck he wants. Okay. So really the only thing that he'll be receiving is he'll be receiving about four will go make $10,000 a month and he'll only be able to take home 400 of that. So really what he needs to do is he needs to go okay well I if I want to make a thousand dollars a month take home right I got to go in this business is going to make 30 grand a month in order for me to make a thousand or $1200 a month. This is make sense why I'm doing this and then we're going to document it a lot on YouTube and we're going to talk about let's go on make mistakes let's go and screw things up let's go and talk about all the good the bad the ugly because that's the only way you're going to learn. And my son who's also an introvert this will also give him I'll tell you one of the things that helps introverts the most in my in my experience people who are introverted they are real by the way I'm an extrovert surprise surprise if you didn't know that I'm an extrovert and so for a long time I was like yeah you're just you're an idiot in your sissy and you just don't understand that there is no such thing as an introvert. And then I married an introvert and I grew up and I was like wait hold on a second introverts are a real thing I'm an idiot I'm the idiot. Do you guys want to know what the number one thing that helps an introvert get out of their own way. Here's here's what it is seeing results of the people they help. Number one this is something I've discovered. And this is how I've gotten my wife out of her shell is my wife has changed people's lives with the things that she knows and when she sees them having results it gives her this feeling of oh my gosh I actually have something to offer. And it actually is a disservice to me to not to it's a disservice to other people. Anybody feel that way as an introvert you feel like this is exactly how you will overcome your over thinking your lack of wanting to talk to people you just it takes a bit it takes a little bit more time. For you to get to that point but once you start seeing results it becomes addictive. It's extroverts are typically looking for results for themselves introverts like seeing results of the people they help. I'm sure there's a there's a book about this somewhere I just never read it I just had to learn this on my own. Okay so that's what I'm playing on doing with Asher now going going back to the gator stuff here's here's the next stuff that I'm learning I'm starting to do okay. We also we already know we can do gator wrestling right getting together and wrestling with each other and pulling your money together a big thing that I'm planning on doing is over the next 12 months I will be doing a training for gators. Well it'll be two it'll be two groups of people okay gators and people that are going to learn how to raise private capital from me are going to come together and I'm going to in a live setting raise capital. With from unknown investors. I'm going to cold call them for you guys I'm going to show you guys the paperwork on how to do this. And I'm going to also show you guys how you can go raise capital to put multifamily deals together. Okay so you guys will see how I go and do that. That's one of the great things for me is like from when I get into a deal a lot of times I will do a deal like I just did a deal a gator deal where a group of two guys come to me and they go hey pace we have this building in Dallas, Texas. And we want we need a hundred and fifty thousand dollars. We're going to we're going to burn this deal okay and I go okay I don't have a hundred fifty thousand dollars let's say. So I go all right well if I go get this lender and I go find a hundred and fifty thousand dollar lender I want thirty percent ownership of this five unit Airbnb. And they go done I like this done will give you that thirty percent no problem so I go out my goal is I need to go raise a hundred and fifty thousand dollars and I need to find somebody that's willing to take 12% in the middle of the day. So I'm interested on this for one year. And if I go find that person I just gained 30% ownership of a five unit Airbnb that is cash flowing whatever dollars amount. Okay and so this is a big thing that I really want to teach you guys is how to go and raise capital to go put deals together again gator lending if I could put gator lending into a very quick summation or summary of what it is. Okay gator lending is bringing a resource to somebody else's deal and gaining a chunk of profit that's gator lending okay so it could be a resource could be a resource could be a resource could be double closing a resource could be even bringing a contractor or a developer to the table and gaining a piece of the project. It could be bringing private capital to the table right all of those things gator lending is not me going out and finding a deal gator lending is not me being the contractor flipping the deal that's not gator lending. Gator lending is I'm bringing an outside resource to somebody else's deal that I did not have to find touch manage etc and I am taking a chunk of that project. Okay. So I'm going to be starting this I'd say in the next two to three weeks you guys will see a lot of new faces in here as I let people into the raising private capital stuff and we'll start doing this not on Sundays because I'll probably do Q&A's on Sundays probably one Q&A a month for anybody just has general Q&A. Again, this is not something you guys have ever paid me for so I'm not this is not something I am obligated to fulfill or anything like that so please like I know once a month is not fun for you. Especially when you're like I need more questions that's why you have a tribe there's people are doing the deals squad up with people okay. And then what I'll do is I'll do a couple of trainings on the other things throughout the month but they'll be at random times based on my schedule because I'll I do things according to my own world. And you guys will be able to come in there I'll give you actionable items for you guys to go out and raise your own capital also I'm going to start bringing in PCS a little bit more on the coaching side of things for the corporate credit stuff to amplify your corporate credit growth. And also I'm going to give you guys other ways to utilize that corporate credit so think about like some of these side businesses right if you guys get corporate credit are like 10 grand 20 grand 30 grand you're like I wanted. You know have this money working for me some maybe some of these things like that I'm talking about with Asher maybe doing trailer rentals or something like that might be beneficial I don't advise it for people that don't have the time for it. But there's other things that you can use that money for and so I'm going to have PCS come in and actually list out all the other things that people are doing with their corporate credit so you guys have other business opportunities as well okay. Yeah. Cassandra says I've shared this before gator lending is truly elevated my ability to reach a goal that had that had to help other investors with deals can't thank you enough for the strategies the education in the community you know it's great is nobody else is teaching this stuff like this is just things that I came up with there's not I'm not competing against anybody. This is super cool super cool. I love this so guys what what I would do this week I'll give you guys a little bit of homework okay. There's 200 people in here I'll give you some homework make sure you guys are connecting with another five or five or 10 gators you guys should be very active in the discord channel talking about how much money you have active and what you have available why because what you guys should be doing as your additional homework as you guys should be looking for double clothes opportunities as well. Okay not just EMD but double closings it's going to happen a lot especially in Chicago like Illinois everybody every whole cell right now is is a double closing okay Phoenix double closing are have like double. Okay so I own a title company in Phoenix and hard money lenders are now going why why is nobody using our money like well. People are using transactional lenders right now to double close okay make that a model add that model okay. Effie's group has 10 million dollars of lending power I believe it probably more than that. Okay and you share with us what paperwork we use for a double close I how about this I'll even do something better for you Heather. I will bring my escrow officer in the next training we do for gator lending I will bring and I'll do it this week I'll bring in my escrow officer to maybe Saturday I don't want to have her coming on Sunday but I'll have her coming on Saturday and I'll have her walk through the transaction of a double close and I'll bring have her bring the documents from a previous double close that she did this like previous week okay. Awesome alright I'm off to see the wizard I appreciate you guys F he says one minute are you sure. Okay what do you got for me alright it's not for 200 people because I don't know if I can handle 200 people but I'm going to take action on what pace is saying. So if you want to do double closings let's see if we can set us up in teams of whatever 3 4 5 pace can you please give me a list of everyone who's in the group. And I will be happy to do kind of like what we're doing with the elephant challenge put people together test it are you a good group if you are run. And come together once a week or something like that to discuss how this stuff is going just to get Mr. Pason press with us. Yes love it. I'm made money love it yeah I'll get you I'll get you a list I'll have to get that from Kelly probably on Monday. Okay okay so. If you don't if you want to out that up out no issue at all but I think it'd be a good way to kind of get some traction just set up in groups. Pace what do you think the right group would be the number number of people of course it depends on how much they've got because of the each of 10 million. I would say I would say less than 50. Oh so you think big groups. You got here's what you guys got to understand is one thing I didn't talk about is you guys know about the elephant challenge I'm just beginning the elephant challenge. So what I'm doing with that challenge pay attention because if you guys it's so interesting to me the DM's I get from people that people are like pace I'm struggling I'm this that I'm like bro I haven't seen you in the community in 4 months. Like you guys have to understand this is a lot everything we do in life is a long game everything everything we do in life is a long game unless you guys have figured out how to build a business sustainable scaled business in less than two years. Please tell me what that is I need to know it doesn't mean you can't make money this week it doesn't mean like Chris Calamari or other people have been in here doing deals last 60 days have. You have to understand that at some point you have to bring on members and team members and squad up with people and do things and it takes time and energy and three months later you're still building traction and three months later you're still building traction and three months later you're still building traction and finally on month 10 go I finally got traction. And then still 90% of the people even reach the traction point go I can chill now. I can chill now and this is why it's important to get around people doing more than you like I went to grant cardones office a couple weeks ago and Miami spent three days with them a group of 20 people were invited spent two days with grant another day with the other 20 people. And I'm listening to like where they're going and what they're doing and what they see as possible and it's just like whoa. Well I'm I thought I was doing well. I'm not I'm not working hard enough I'm not working smart enough there's issues in my businesses that I thought were okay but I need to go back home and fix these things immediately you guys got to understand it's a never ending game. You will die playing this game happily happily and what will what will change for you okay so for a couple of things I'm doing just so you guys know because I everybody looks at me as like the guy who's constantly growing constantly working he's all he's only working as all he does his work well guys I am you know you have these phases of your life where you grind and grind and grind and that might take three to five sometimes seven years then you start scaling back a little bit as you scale up your team so for me. One thing I'm going to be doing at the end of the year is I'm shutting off something in my business I'm shutting off Sunday service I'm not going to do Sunday service after January 1st of 2023 instead I'm moving it to Monday night right after wholesale hotline so I'm looking in my life of like I love doing Sunday service. Yeah might call I might call it Monday service I know. So I just look at Sunday and I'm like a lot of times I want to go on a drive with my kids I want to go do things with my kids and Sunday night is like one of those nights. And so I'm looking at places in my life where I go where can I scale back and so I have a couple of goals one of the really important goals for me is that I'm starting in 2023 Sunday I won't work Sundays anymore unless it's like the random occasional thing here and there that I want to do it. I want to do rather than Sunday service a podcast I set up three years ago that gets a thousand people every single Sunday watching it live and 200,000 downloads a month. It's gotten to a point where it feels like an obligation because it's at a very specific on very horrible time people show up for it because I think it's like okay well this is great. I'm just going to do a lot of pieces here and I get to hear just pace talk instead of Jamil and Brent Daniels talk about all the random things that we talk about on wholesale hotline. So I just felt like I turned down a lot of family things this year and getting older I realized like my kids are getting older too and I need to have days where I just go no this is on a polygetic I'm not going to work on this day. So my goal is in three years I'm only working four days a week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday I'm not going to work Friday I'm oh no I'm sorry it's going to be I'll take a work half day Saturday because I like working Saturday mornings I love working Saturday mornings because a lot more people can show up on Saturday morning. So and then Friday morning so I work Friday morning till noon Saturday till noon and then those the rest of those days I'm off and then I'm not working Sunday and I'm the only thing I'm doing on Monday at some point maybe not for a year a year and a half the only thing I'll do on Mondays. Sunday's some wholesale hotline and Sunday service those are the only two things I'll do on Monday but I'm a year and a half away from that. And you guys need to think about this as well as that you come from a nine to five mentality some of you and you don't realize that business owners need to have three year four year five year goals and then you go work on them and they take forever. They take forever I didn't learn that I actually learn the opposite okay what I learned is like whatever is directly in front of my face is what was important my dad who's a contractor would go well I got to pay the bills this month I'm going to go and get some jobs. My dad never scaled he's my dad's now 65 still physically doing cabinets as a contractor because my dad never thought about scaling his business it was always about him him him him him him him. And then he my dad's a great dad I love my dad I'm not criticizing him yes I am I am criticizing him. I am criticizing my dad but I I don't do it because I don't love him I do it because I need to teach other people that I learned the wrong way and it took me all the way until I was like 31 to truly start scaling businesses I would build businesses to a point where I was making a lot of money and then they would implode or they would cause issues or they wouldn't serve many more and I hated them and I realized it was because I wasn't around people who knew what it was like to scale a business so I got around people that knew how to scale this I got to pay the bills and I was like I'm going to do it. I learned stuff every day that I'm like oh my gosh that's how you do that oh that's how you do that and it's little things it's like don't tell your employees you're going to give them a bonus that psychologically does something to their brain I didn't know that right there's so many things I didn't know and I learned the wrong way and so I shouldn't say that I learned the right way by at least learning but now I'm learning better ways to do it. Or efficient there you go.