 Okay. And then Josh and Ashley, I have you guys next. Go ahead. Yeah. Looks like you've unmuted. So let's see. Excellent. Hey, yeah. Thank you guys for your time this morning and really helping us to break these down and really appreciate it. We my wife Ashley's in the TC program and she was just going through these contracts. We just had a couple of questions about the there's one on the earnest money loan agreement. And we saw on 1.6 it was spelled earnest was spelled a little bit different than what's up at the top. And I didn't know that's a typo. Thank you. Okay. So I didn't want to go back and change those unless it was supposed to be that way. I'll send I just made the change right now. Send this over to Molly. You know that I try my best and for some reason spell checked in and pick it up either. And yeah, that one that one slip by the goalie. So my nowhere is no worries. I also noticed that after number four, it just goes right to six, but looks like you got that one corrected already. So the outdated version on that one. So that's awesome. And then on the other ones, there's the assignment of earnest money deposit. It also has the the earnest typo as well on that one, but I can change that on my. Which one? And that's the assignment of the earnest money deposit. And the irrevocable escrow instructions. Okay, let me pull that up. And just so you know guys, I mean, they's changing the spelling of a word would be completely accurate. That's why these are in a word document. You guys can absolutely. Yeah, I was going to do it on my own. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't it wasn't supposed to be like that before I made the change. That's my mistake. I hate making them, but hey, no, these are beautiful documents. I love them. They're awesome. We're so happy to have them. Yeah, thank you for bringing that to my attention. I appreciate it. Cool. Yeah, no, thank you. That's all I had. That's all that up. That up. And I know a lot of you are. I know a lot of you are. Sorry, make sure you guys are muted. Please when we when you log in. So I know a lot of you guys are thinking this zoom was to specifically go over like we're going to fill in the individual. Contacts I actually was not intending on this zoom being us filling in the contracts for specifics. If you guys ever have questions on that. I'm sure there's a ton of other people who've used these that could help within the Garlanding group. I've actually seen a couple offer that help already. But we just wanted to go over specific questions today of people that had questions regarding the documents. So we will not be going over all of these in depth and filling them in for you today. This is just to actually answer questions regarding the documents. Well, that's all I had you guys. So thank you. I appreciate it.