 So a couple of books. I here's a book I want you to read, even if it's on audible. Okay. Okay. Is this is really good in its elementary. It's very basic. It's not going to fry your brain even though the name of the book is horrible. And most people will go tax free wealth. That's the name of the book you want me to read. I don't want to read that, but I'm telling you it's really good. A lot of the stuff like, yeah, see how simple and basic I've made this in just 25 minutes. Yeah. Tom Willwright, the guy who wrote the book is well renowned as a wonderful educator. He dumps everything down to like my level when I was brand new. And I'm like, whoa, I can write off meals with my wife. I can go to Disneyland with my kids. I can do this. My wardrobe is my brand. My car is this that and the other. You should have, I don't know you paid in taxes. We don't need to get into that. But you probably should have an extra 20, 30,000 dollars that you didn't have to pay to the federal government this year because you bought a $200 LLC. It's killing me right now. Just to hear you say that because I feel it. It's crazy, right? So what we don't know, absolutely can hurt us. And that is a fact. And so what I would suggest to anybody again, if you don't have an LLC, make sure you go to get an LLC. I've gone to multiple different companies. I've been in business for over 20 years. Primacorpiceervices.com is who I use. It's who all my students use. I have been to other companies that don't care. Okay, anybody in here has ever been to another company that doesn't care and treat you with respect. Most companies, right? They suck. They're horrible. It's like once, once you buy a $200 or $300 LLC from them, depending on the state you're in, right? The states that are different. California is really expensive. Other places are really cheap. Once you pay for it, you never get ahold of these people ever again. They're like, here's your LLC by E. Okay, but what I love about Primacorpice Services, Carolyn, is that for the whole duration of your business, even when you've never received a single dollar from another human being. Okay. They will be there from the very beginning of your business all the way through your entire life as a support system to you. Okay. Okay. And why is that? Because they're business people. So they're hoping that Carolyn is successful and Carolyn goes, I need another LLC so that I can go buy real estate. I need another LLC so I can go do this. I need another LLC so I can do that. I currently have over 60 LLCs between all of our businesses. It makes sense for a PCS to get latched on to me in the very beginning and go, we don't care if you've never done a single transaction of any business at all. We want to provide a user experience that you feel like family so that for the next 20, 30 years up until your retirement, you know, you're going to retire in the next couple of years. But now your hobby is going to turn into a second wind for you or a second life. Isn't that fun? By the way, my wife and I were just talking about, you know, we're younger. We've been together 14 years. I'm 40 now. I'm just under 40, but I, whatever. I'm 40. And it's amazing just up to 40, like how many different life I've led. Like there's these phases of life of like babies in the house and marriage and this, that and the other and you look back on it and you go, that felt like two weeks ago, but it was actually like 15 years ago, you know, you're entering into a very fun part of your life. A very, very fun part of your life is that you don't have the nine to five holding you back and now your wings can be like fully expanded, which is amazing. Right. So a company like prime is really good. Okay. Now, the next thing you need besides an LLC is you need a bank account. Okay. For me, I used to use Bank of America. I switched to Chase recently because Bank of America is now starting to shut down their branches and there's no more drive-throughs that any Bank of America. So if I want to like talk to the teller without going in the branch, you can't do that Bank of America, but you can do that at Chase. What I'm now learning is when I start a new LLC, here's what will happen. Prime corporate services will get me a new LLC. They'll show me the paperwork. They'll show me how to manage it. They'll show me all the things I need. They'll help me come up with the name. They'll help me do all the things and educate me on it just for a couple hundred bucks, which is great. But now I need to go open up a bank account. What will happen is your bank will want you to physically go to the bank and hand the LLC documents to them. If you already have a bank, Carolyn, you're personally banking with that you like, then I would just suggest use them because you already have a relationship. Well, I have a separate bank account that was just sitting there that I'm using for my business, but it's not in my business name. But I do have a Chase credit card under my business name. Oh, perfect. Then I would go get a Chase account. Okay. Okay. Okay. So Mary Louise, this is a great question. Mary Louise says, if you started last year and you set up now, can you cause your big expense? That's a great question for a CPA. Do you guys want me to bring a CPA in here and answer some of these questions for you guys? Yes. Please. That would be great. I would love to do that for you guys. I would do it for I would do it from Myra. How do you guys communicate with Myra, by the way? Through her email, through her text message. I mean, we have because we're in a lot, most of us are in her mentorship group. We have kind of easy communication. And now that we have the app, it's easier to get a hold of her. But usually we have direct email and direct message and. Okay. Here's what I want you guys to do. If anybody is in here, if anybody is in here that is a Myra, what do they call them? The cup making baddies. Love that. I was going to make a boob joke. No, it's Myra makes it. It's bad university. Is her message? Oh, baddy universities. Myra makes it. Baddy university. Yeah. That's the mentorship group. Look at all these baddies. It can I make a cup joke about boobs like nice cups? Okay. There you go. My wife is like my wife likes my my wife loves my boob jokes. Okay. So here's what I'll do. I'll bring in my CPA happy to bring them in and spend the time to kind of walk you through this. But Carolyn, I want to give you some homework. I want you to go read that book. Yes. Okay. Tom Willwright's tax free wealth. It's dumbed down enough that you'll go I understand a lot of this. I listed the first time I listened to it. I listed into it on audible. Okay. Then I went back and I was like, this was really good. I got like five or six really good nuggets. And then I physically took it and I wrote I read in it and I wrote down notes. And I took those notes to my my CPA which I'll bring my CPA in for you guys. And I go, I don't understand this quite and I don't understand this and I understand this and my CPA then broke down and goes, oh, this was what that means. And we can help you do this and we can help you do that. And it was so simple. Right. And I'm like, why do you guys have to have such hard terminology all the time in freaking accounting world? That's a problem. Right. We don't understand what those mean, you know, just break it down for us into easy English and maybe we'd do better. Right. And so does anybody not know what a write off is? Does anybody not know what a write off is? Because I can explain that very simply. Yeah. Go ahead. Okay. So let's say that I'm Carolyn and I go make $50,000 in a year, $100,000 in a year. Let's just choose a round number of $100,000 in a year because I think everybody wants to make six figures, right? So I go make $100,000 in a year. What I need to do is I need to have $100,000 in write offs to essentially pay $0 in taxes.