 We got a couple of little stories to give you guys. Should be good. Okay. So transactional funding. Double closing is going to continue to be required as wholesaling will become outlawed in the next five years. It's going to be I might take seven years, but there's states that it's already outlawed in right. Wholesaling is perfectly fine. If you're an agent, you see what the NAR is doing. The National Association of Realtors has hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. There is no representation to protect wholesalers and real estate investors. And so you have two choices. Either A, go create your own agency and raise hundreds of millions of dollars to fight the NAR or become an agent and learn how to do this stuff. Right. I don't know which way you want to choose, but I know which way I'm choosing. I'm not going to fight. I'm going to go with the grain. This is actual funding. Double closing is going to continue to be required as wholesaling will become outlawed in the next five years. Now, having the ability to fund somebody's transaction for one day, sometimes one hour, is a superpower. Okay. I get people right now. I'll go through a couple of case studies for you guys here momentarily. I get people to go pay. I need 300 grand for one day. Happens all the time. Why? It's because they are closing the transaction. They're in the contract with with the seller. And then they need to resell it to their buyer, but they have to show on paper that they were the owner for at least one millisecond. That's called transactional funding. Somebody that comes in funds a transaction real quick, then they turn around and sell it to their new buyer. That transactional funding or double closing is becoming more and more and more and more of an opportunity. Now, if you look at this, it says with $300,000 in capital, you can make roughly one to three million dollars per year in fees. But you guys don't even know what it feels like to make 100 grand a year. I can tell you what it feels like to make over a million dollars a year, over $2 million a year, over $3 million a year. Guys, it's pretty magical. It's crazy what you can do. And literally just being a transactional lender, you guys can make that kind of money. The next thing I really like is this. Now, if you guys look at this glass, this rock, right? All this. People are like, what's the difference between hard money and soft money? So when I have a deal, let's say I'm trying to fill it up with money. This is a transaction, this cup, this glass cup is a transaction. And hard money is basically going to fill in 90% of that sometimes, sometimes 80% of that. But then there's all these gaps. And we call that a gap lender. And that would be like, you guys have ever done this practice where you fill that cup with water and you're like, you realize how many empty spaces and holes there really are. So a hard money lender is the, are the rocks, right? That's the foundation of the transaction. And then there's soft money lenders, people that are gap lenders, okay? Hard money lenders don't fund and don't fill up that cup. They just don't. You'll never get a hard money lender that's going to fund 100% of your purchase price and 100% of your construction. You're going to have to have some money into the deal. And so that's where private money comes in, private money comes in and they fill in the gaps. It's kind of like, I said, you pour water in between those rocks and essentially that fills up the cup. So I'm going to show you guys all of that stuff as well. Okay. And I'll show you guys how, my bad, sorry guys. So here's that case study I just gave you guys on my whiteboard is one of those ways that I'm doing that. So I go and I do a transaction. I just spilled water all over my desk. I'm so smart. So I go do a transaction. I didn't have to have any of that money myself, which is great. This is not my money. Somebody else is money and I put myself in a pretty powerful, powerful situation. I didn't have to find the deal. I don't have to run the transaction. I don't have to manage the contractors. I don't have to sell the property. I don't have to negotiate with the buyer. I don't have to do any of that stuff. I literally know how to wrestle a bunch of gators. I'm going to show you guys exactly how to do that in all of this training as well.