 I have put myself out there and now I'm giving you a thousand dollars of my money and I'm risking my neck. I'm not doing that for 500 bucks. Okay? It makes sense. Yeah. Minimum, I would charge. Okay. Now, you guys know your business better than I. It doesn't mean listen to me because there are people out there in the world that live in the black and the white. The black and the white is pay said don't do it for under 500 for under thousand dollars. Yeah. I'm not going to do it and then pass up opportunities. If that's your only opportunity and you can make 500 dollars and the paperwork's right and everything's good, then do it because it might be good for you to go through the process but don't do it because you think 500 dollars is a good return. Yeah. And you can all the way to negotiate it and try try try to get it. And if they're just going to walk away then you know if you need it then go for it. Yeah. And for me, I would look at that and I go this is great for me to go through the process and make 500 dollars in return as long as everything is good. But as you get more and more advanced, I can tell you as a community. Listen to me. You guys know about the listen to me. This might be the most important thing I will say all day long. You guys ready for something incredibly important? Listen to me right now. You know about the conspiracy theory about the light bulb and how they raised the prices of all the light bulbs. One of the greatest stories of all time. A collective group of light bulb manufacturers got together and they said how do we conspire to set the price as a collective group on light bulbs so that none of us undercut each other and we all make a lot of money. Otherwise, we're just going to fight each other to the bottom. They got together and all my freaking gosh. Here's what they did. They figured out how to actually make their light bulbs last, last time. At the very beginning when the light bulb was invented, the light bulb would let's say last a thousand hours. By the time it creates inventions and all this kind of stuff happened, now they lasted a hundred hours. But why did every manufacturer also go down to a hundred hours of lifetime? It's because they conspired together to make sure that they set the quality and the price of their product so that they all could keep their margins intact. I am telling you that as a group, there is nobody out there teaching this. There's no guru out there that even knows this. It really even exists. They don't even know that this is a thing. I was on somebody else's live this morning and they were like, do tell me about what Gator Lending is and he's been in the business 17 years and he goes holy shit. The way your brain works, how did this even happen? I go, dude, I'm only telling you about the earnest money side. You ready for a two more hour dissertation about all the other cool things that we're going to be doing? Do not undercut each other. Do not be one of those people that goes out there and goes, well, I'll do it for $700 if they'll do it for $800. Dude, do not be that guy. What I would set the tone of guys is do we kind of think that maybe I put in a thousand dollars earnest money, I think a thousand dollar return is kind of like where my baseline should be. You guys all kind of agree with that? Okay. That's my minimum. For me, I wouldn't do it. I'd rather see one of you guys do the loan out of a thousand dollars and I wouldn't consider yourself undercutting. But for me, my goal is a thousand dollars out, two thousand return back, which means I get three thousand dollars back. That's what my mind is. Okay. Okay. One thing I just want to point out real quick. So Tyler Snyder says, absolutely, a thousand dollars doesn't even cover my PCS charges yet. However, let me tell you something that does cover your PCS charges. The millions of dollars of game that I have given you since you signed up, millions of dollars of game. You have no idea you could just be a gator lender the rest of your life, build an entire entire business off of just this one thing and make more money than doctors, lawyers, architects, surgeons, et cetera. And you did it and you got it from me or free. I've started doing projections on what's possible, especially with the product. And I'm like, what? So one thing I'm going to tell you guys about mindset, guys, I paid 30 thousand dollars to be a mentor or a mastermind in January already since January, one relationship in that mastermind that I joined, I made $1.5 million. But you know what's funny is I never thought about, oh, I got to hurry up and go cover the cost of my 30 thousand dollars. Never have I thought like I got to cover my cost of my 30 thousand dollars. Guys, that's a small mindset. Okay. It's a small mindset. Now what's funny is I look at that $1.5 million. It's not $1.5 million to me. For me, it's like, I can compound this compound compound compound compound compound. That one 30 thousand dollar thing brought me, I don't know, a hundred million dollars over my lifetime in potential profits because of the things I learned and the people I met. Okay. I'm not getting on you for that. But let's just remind ourselves that the price you paid to PCS is a grain of sand compared to how much money you will make and also the mindset shifts that you have already had. Do you realize that this information is not anywhere? You cannot Google this. You cannot go read this in the book. You know how they say everything's available online? They lie into you. It ain't there. Pace created it and you are in here. Got it? And this zoom is not going on YouTube. All the other stuff went out on YouTube. It's closed out. Do you think that that's worth the price you paid to PCS even if you don't get a gator loan for the next two weeks, three weeks, four months, five months, et cetera? Got it. Consider yourself lucky. Okay. What we'll be doing is I'm going to show you guys how to find these opportunities. Okay. I'll tell you a couple of them right now. Okay. One of you are a sub two student in the side chat. Do you feel like you have every resource imaginable in real estate just knowing how I build my shit in our community? Funny to say that. That's actually how I got it. Of course we do. Like, oh, you want to old G students, you know, can you help me out with this deal? And then that's exactly what happens. So this is this is what happens when you are a sub two student in my world is that every resource that you could even imagine has been made available to you because of this amazing community. So there's number one. If you're not a sub two student, then you're probably going to be missing out on. We are our mentorship in sub two is the most successful mentorship in real estate bar none. Nobody even comes remotely close and it's because of our community. So that's that's number one. Number two, if you are not a sub two student, I would go to the creative finance with pace more be Facebook group and do that. But here's what's ultimately going to happen is people are going to over saturate that Facebook group with gator lending requests. So what you want to do is you want to go to your local wholesaler wholesaling Facebook groups and you want to make this post you guys listening everybody listening. You guys want to listen to this post everybody ready? Because somebody's going to get off this and go did pace ever tell us how we can go and find these opportunities. Here we go. Number number one. Here's what you do. You go to wholesaler Facebook group and you say, Hey, my name is pace morby. There are three things of value I can provide to anybody in here. Hit me up anytime and you provide the three things that you provide a value. They might change for every individual, but here's what I would write. Okay. Hey guys, my name is pace more be so thank you for you know, thank you for letting me into this group. There's three things of value I can provide to anybody in here. Hit me up if you ever need anything. Number one, what are three things of value that pace can provide me as an individual me the actual pace. What can I provide? It's not gator lending. Don't ever start out of the gate with gator lending. That's that would be number three. That's a third thing I can provide. What are two other things I can provide? There you go. Daniel Rodriguez got a great one. If you have lead you're having a hard time closing, I'm great at communicating with sellers. Please hit me up. I'd love to talk to your sellers. That gives you an opportunity to work out dead leads. Now that's something my students know how to do. Number two, what's another another number two? Right up. If it's squad up. Squad up or potentially tell people I have lists of sellers that if you guys want to call on them, I can give those and provide those to you free of charge. That's a little hook. That's a little nugget you can give to people. This is why I gave $300,000 last year to my students in free lists that I paid for so you guys could go out and then tell people, hey, I have lists in this area. Would you like to partner with me? That's another hook and another reason why people should send you something. Other people like Peter says, I can underwrite. I can bring buyers. There's a lot of things or compa property. I really like that one. Lance Williams says, I'm a Jerry Norton student and to be honest, I have got more value out of just being around sub two students and all of your free content pace. Real talk. Thank you for being you. This is why I can be a little bit terse sometimes in an open forum because I provide more value than anybody. Bar none, I know it to be true and you still get people that don't appreciate it. I will work for compliments. Thank you so much for that. This is a great conversation. Again, let's go through this. You guys all see the individual types of levels of value that other people can say. You can comp. Somebody else in here is like, I don't know how to comp. You don't have to comp. You can work some of these dead leads. Pays, I don't know how to work dead leads. What about buying a list? I could go to pre foreclosures daily.com and buy a $400 foreclosure list and go to people in a Facebook group local to wherever I bought that list and go, hey, guys, I have the foreclosure data for this local area. If you guys want to partner up on it, there's a hundred different things you can say. You always want to say three pieces of value. Hey, guys, my name is pace morbby. Thank you so much for letting me into this Facebook group. There's three things that I can do for anybody in here. Please set me up anytime. Number one, if you guys are generating leads and you need help closing those leads, if they want too much money, they don't have enough equity, I'm pretty good at creative finance. I'd love to help you. That's number one. Number two, if you guys need help underwriting a deal or looking at something you're unsure whether it's a good deal or it's not a good deal, please set me up. I'd be happy to look at it. Number three, if you guys are in need of micro funding such as earnest money, probate expenses or other things, I have been known to be a lender from time to time. Do not make it sound like you're a freaking lending business because that sounds clinical and salesy. Welcome to marketing. Do not sound clinical and salesy. Do not go, I'm a lender. Might as well put a force field around yourself. Okay. You guys agree with that? You guys can see that stuff coming a mile away, right? That's super valuable. I love that. Hi, I'm a gator lender. Don't do that. You can tell people you learn from me. You can tell people, in fact, if you were guys who were smart, you guys would be taking a photo of me right now in Zoom and putting on your Instagram stories and tagging me and saying, I'm learning how to become a gator lender so that people are aware of what you're doing and that you have the ability to gator lend to them. However, when you're going in Facebook groups, you do not want to sound clinical and salesy because Facebook managers such as myself, if somebody tries to promote something in my Facebook group, freaking bury those human beings.