 I'm gonna call you. Marco, I see your camera's on. So I'm gonna call on you. What up Marco? How you doing? I can't hear you. Probably there we go. There it is. What's up dog? How you doing? How's it going, my man? Doing great. Thanks so much for having me on here and doing the Zoom. I can fully, completely feel your the heat. I know I'm going to be like, I know I'm going to be like, I'm going toенты. Bro, I appreciate that you saying that because I don't want to be, I don't want to come off as a jerk, but I do want to make sure I give. No, I'm going to have every right to to stand where you stand, pay us. I completely side with you on everything. Thank you, really. I also want to congratulate Darian. I didn't know he was in here, but I've been kind of waiting on him for he, he ended up winning a giveaway from me. for his company. I think he's waiting on the PCS thing, but I'm glad he's actually doing it because I can't wait to help him lift that brand and take off with it. I love it. Very cool. But what I wanted to ask you was, so for the contracts themselves, the whole cell one and of course the other contracts, I know you said there's a 10 day period or 15 day periods for some deals. But when it comes to almost at the end, right, when you have those situations where the deal falls apart right at the end, the inspection period has already gone by. All these other windows have been closed. This is a wonderful attachment. Yeah, that attachment that you have, that again, that you were talking about, is that what kind of protects the lender? Maybe at the end there about maybe having his money back where it's not going to happen. Here's what happens is let's say, let's say hypothetically. So here's, can you see my screen right now? Yes, yes. Okay, so we got the seller right here. So the seller and the whole seller enter into an agreement, right? And there's a contract that they're using and I hope that they use our contract, otherwise you shouldn't be lending to them or if you are lending to them, you should make sure they have the adendum signed on top of that, right? So they then take these documents and they go and they open escrow at the title company, right? So title company is over here and now they have a 10 day or 15 day IP or inspection period, right? So in this contract, let's say the whole seller says, I need a thousand dollars or let's say, let's just say it's a thousand dollars for easy math here. Okay, so the policy and what I'm going to train you on Marco is I'm going to train you to say that whoever the buyer is because that's essentially what this whole seller is going to do, right? The whole seller is going to find a buyer. This whole seller here needs to go find a buyer. Do we agree with that? Yes. The whole seller needs to go and ask their buyer to put in three thousand to five thousand dollars non-refundable money and deposit that in escrow. If they have not done that during the 10 to 15 day inspection period, you need to cancel a day before. Okay, and I have that authority. You have that authority? Yes. Got you. Okay. You need to cancel and get your money back. Now, if let's say hypothetically this, this $5,000 does get in deposited within those 10 to five days. And now what happens is the buyer down here, this future buyer decides to cancel, which does happen. Paperwork that I have will state, well, guess what the seller gets? The seller gets this thousand dollars because the seller is within the right to get that thousand dollars because somebody did not fulfill their obligation and this whole, the seller gets their thousand dollars, right? So that money is lost. But the great thing is you as the lender get the remaining balance of this right here. So let's say that the buyer puts in three thousand dollar earnest money and the seller, the seller's contract is only a thousand dollars earnest money. You are covered and you actually still made how much money? Two grand. You made, you doubled your money. So you got your thousand dollars back plus a thousand dollars. Okay. That's awesome. So this is where I'm, this is where I'm going to train you guys to protect yourself. Even if this buyer down here doesn't fulfill, you need to either a canceled during the inspection period because you haven't seen the buyer deposit their money or be once the buyer deposits their money. Guess what? You get the receipt, you get proof that the money is there. Now you don't care, right? You don't care if the transaction cancels, you don't care what happens after that point because your money's covered. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes absolute sense. And that's, I mean, this is amazing. I've been lending for quite a bit pace and my contracts are not, they're not protected like like this one, especially that right there. Like that's, that's gold for me. Yeah. I appreciate it. That's amazing. And so that's that's really what I was, the answer I was looking for. So it really breaks it down and what I'm going to do is probably have my attorney, you know, so that way I'm not taking time as well from, from anybody's time to just kind of guide me through the wording and everything and make sure that I understand it perfectly. But this is, yeah, I mean, I'm giving you all the documents. There's going to be multiple documents. Let me, let me show you where the documents are. So I'm giving you guys this document. I got them. Yeah, yeah, you don't worry. You don't got to repeat yourself with me. Yeah, cool. So I got, I got the, I got the wholesale contract that you guys are all having access to this one right here. You guys will get that contract. You guys will also get the a denim contract. You will also get the you and your wholesale lent your wholesale borrower. Okay. This borrower right here and you will also have another contract, a JV contract talking about your agreement. Okay. You will then have another set of documents that goes to the title company that are escrow instructions. Okay. That instruct the escrow company on what you're doing. And that you're entitled to this buyer's earnest money if the transaction cancels not the wholesaler. So the wholesaler walks away with nothing. Okay. The wholesaler walks away with nothing. You're the one that gets your, your thousand dollar seller gets their thousand dollars and you get your thousand dollars back plus your return because you loan money and you provided a service. Okay. So all of those documents will be provided to all the gateers. So you don't need to have your lent, you don't need to have your attorney draft them because I've already spent so far I've spent close to seven thousand dollars on just this four set of documents that I'm giving to everybody on Tuesday who is an action taker. That's awesome. And so that everybody understands and is in here as well. What what Paces really essentially doing here is giving full the the title company access and control of this where neither the the the wholesaler or the buyer can go in there and say, hey, I want this back. Only they are the ones that are able to release the thing. So it gives you as a lender confidence and ease of mind that, you know, the transaction is going to work in your favor if it goes, you know, either way, during the inspection. Now that's that's amazing. It's amazing. And thank Sean for, you know, obviously, you know, making these contracts as well. Same Lors. Amazing.