 This is a house I got for free. I took over somebody else's mortgage subject to. I funded the 2500 to the seller. I funded 2500 to the agent. I funded the closing costs, all my renovations, and I paid myself $6,500. I got paid $6,500 to take over somebody else's house and turn it into an Airbnb. That house last month generated $14,000 in revenue on Airbnb. $14,000. You guys just saw the proof. Now, I netted $10,000 on that deal. Have I answered the question of why we need private money lenders? Are we all very clear on why I need a private money lender? I could go through literally 10 more examples, 50, 100 more examples just like this with very specific detail, breaking it out. Now, let me ask you the next question. When did I pay off Sonya? And how did I pay off Sonya? Let's break this down. This is very simple for you. This is very important for you guys to understand because now here's what I have. I have a loan at Wells Fargo because I took over Dave's Wells Fargo loan and my payment to the Wells Fargo loan is $1900. That's the sub-to-lone. I pay it every single month. I've been paying it. Now, I also had a payment to Sonya. Now, I paid Sonya 10% simple interest. Okay, what does simple interest means? It means I'm simply paying her interest only. So even when I make her a payment, I still owe her the same amount of money. Shannon says I'm lost when it comes to Wells Fargo. Well, because you're not probably don't know what subject to us. That would probably be a problem, right, Shannon? Let me, Shannon, let me jump on and see if I can answer that question for you. Okay. Shannon, how you doing? I'm good, pace. So you don't understand what subject to is. That's the problem? No, I get the gist of it. Usually, Mark, my husband is the one who pays more attention. I'm usually dealing with the kids. Okay. When it comes to Wells Fargo, let me see if I can make this. It's a great question, by the way. I'm sure there's other people in here that don't understand it as well. So I want to make sure I explain it properly. So when you take over his loan and the conversation between you and Wells Fargo, how do you have it? I didn't have a conversation with Wells Fargo. Okay, so let me back up. I literally never once have spoken to Wells Fargo. On this house and I've owned it for 30 months. Okay. So where I guess I'm confused at is when you start making the payments to Wells Fargo, how does that work? I literally go into Dave's login and I make the payment. Let me ask you a question, Shannon. How do you pay your car payment online? Okay. How do you pay your house payment online? So how do you think I pay the Wells Fargo payment? So you just basically get his login information and paid from there. It's so simple. And I love this question. I know I'm sounding very terse and I'm making you feel maybe stressed out by the way I'm answering, but I'm trying to like so strong with this. I get hit. I can go into anybody's login, right? And pay anybody's goal for them. Could I login right now to your bank, right now to your car, your loan, your power bill, anything and pay it with my credit card? Yes. So why stopping me from doing that for Dave's Wells Fargo loan? Okay. Then nothing. That was kind of where I was confused. I'm like, wait a minute, how does that work? But you've explained it. So simple, right? Yeah. It's so simple. It causes people brain damage. There's no way it's that challenging. Or there's no way it's that easy, right? So it legitimately is that easy. Okay. That's kind of where when you wrote that down, it was like, well, how does that work? Okay. Cool. Got it. I love that. I love the question. Thank you so much. Thank you, pace. Yes. Guys, you have questions like that. And if I get on your ass, just so you know, I'm getting on your ass because I want you to get the answer to the question very quickly. And I'm going to put you through it a little bit of a pressure cooker for a second, make you feel a little stressed out just so you go, oh my gosh, I got to pay attention. Right? Okay. So let's see here a couple of things. Let me just make sure I do a couple of things. And D.I. B.I. Got to mute everybody again. So sorry, guys. Now does everybody understand that? Okay. I bought this house subject to. This is not a creative finance education. Okay. If you are not learning sub two, then you're in knucklehead. You're not going to be able to do this. Go learn subject to. Okay. But I took over his Wells Fargo loan. He was willing to let me take over his loan for multiple reasons, which is another story for another day. Okay. Now my, my agreement with Sonya was 10%. Okay. My agreement for Sonya was 10% and I will, guys, I'm going to break down very simply for you guys some really cool stuff. I made this stuff up specifically for you. So if there's 718 people in here, congratulations. You guys are going to get some incredibly amazing stuff. I haven't even begun. I haven't even begun. Okay. This is warm. This is not even for play yet. Okay. So Russian Eskimo, will you please get off your ass? And when I come to you and I ask you to unmute yourself, will you actually unmute yourself so I can actually have a conversation with you? You knucklehead. Russian Eskimo. Help, please. Can you hear me? There he is. What do you find the curtains? Did you buy? Russian Eskimo, are you an Android user? No, I'm an Apple user. Come on, bro. We know the truth. Come on, brother. Tell me what's the question? What's you got? What's you asked me a question about the other payment? Tell me where the about the other payment. So, okay. I was in a question. I have to remember. The question was, so like, where do we get the rest of that cash you pay them? So we take over their loan and then we get like a private money language, we're filling the gaps or to use my investor loan. How's the look ahead? Did you show a plate? No, I was on time. You were on time, but you have a question of where the money comes from, even though I went through this entire sheet right here? No, not that. I'm saying, how do you structure like between a P out the private money lender and the mortgage, explaining them? I don't even understand your question. Do you, you're so overthinking this, do you think I'm paying off the loan? No, no, you're taking over the loan, I'm guessing. I'm taking over the payments. My, the seller's name stays on the loan. Okay. I have the deed, which means I now I'm the owner of the property. Okay. Okay. Every month, there's a new payment, do every single month, just like any other loan, right? 19 her bucks. So I go into Dave's account and I pay that $1900. Okay. I'm waiting for a question, Russian Eskolo. All right. So, so another thing that wanted to ask was with the P out, with the private money lender. So they usually are for gaps, right? They can do gaps, but they can do a hundred different things, brother. I'm going to show you every type of deal that a P out of money lender can fund. So what you're thinking about right now, Russian Eskimo, is you're thinking about a cash deal because your brain is around cash. Right. So you're thinking I go get a hard money loan from my investor loan.com and then I go get a private money lender to fill in the gap. Exactly. That's not this deal, dog. This is a subject to deal has nothing to do. I would never use a hard money lender here. I just took over somebody else's loan. Why do I need to get a, why do I know need to go get a loan to pay off Dave's loan? Dave's just letting me take over his loan. I don't think you understand that. So you're taking over your loan, yes, I'm getting that portion. Okay, then why would I need my investor loan at all? I was seeing another Russian estimate. Do you have a car? Do you have a car, Russian Eskimo? Do you have a car payment? Yep. Okay. So would it be possible for me to have you give, put the registration in my name and I could get car insurance in my name and I could start driving your car, correct? Yep. Could I also just go to your bank, who's your lender on that deal? No, it's a DCU. Okay, so could I just go to DCU and make your payment for you? I think you can, yeah. Okay, the answer is yes. No, I think either yes or no, is it yes or is it no? Yes. Okay, so do I need to go get a loan in order to pay for your loan? No, you can just take it. Right, so why does my investor loan need to get involved in this transaction with me and Dave? Okay, for the aha. Hmm, so you just take it. Yes, it's that simple dog. Jesus. Why are you over complicating this man? I don't know. I was seeing other videos there were saying you have to get like a, you had to get some gap funding for this and then you're mixing two transaction transactions. Okay, now you showed up late. You had to have or you haven't been paying attention because there's no possible way you don't understand why I had Sonya. Why do I have Sonya? What do I need Sonya for? If I, if the seller saying just take over my payments, what do I now need Sonya for my private money lender? Why do I need her? I've literally been talking about this for 52 minutes. It's for the gap that to it's for all of my costs, right? I call it my entry fee. I'm an enter into this deal. Now I've got to pay the seller $2,500, right, to walk away the agent $2,500 to walk away, closing costs, paying myself because I can pay myself on taking over a free house and then paying for furniture and renovation where I don't have to come out of pocket any money, right? Okay, okay. You're overthinking everything, dog. I promise you, you overthink everything. All right. So the PM to try to money lender, like the back fees and the entry fees, like just to get a crit. Let me tell you what a private money lender pays for. Everything you don't want to. Right that down, dog. The private money lender pays for everything you don't want to pay for. That's what they pay for. So when you ask me, well, what's a private money lender for paying that I don't want to pay for? Okay. Okay. Are you getting? Now, when I'm terse with you and I'm intense, it's intentional. It's not because I'm angry. It's to get you to get the point very quickly. Yep. Okay. Did this help? Help. I'm just overthinking this. No dog. Every question you ever ask in all my lives is an overthinking question. But I asked if they're great, but at that, you are a classic overthinker, bro. Do you know why most people are successful? Why? It's because they're dumber than you. So they don't overthink. They don't even have an overthinking switch in their brain, bro. You're overthinking switches on all the time. Homeboy. Yeah, that's what I had analysis for the most. All day long. I'm telling, you guys ever meet dumbass people to have a lot of money? I have. Yeah. A lot of my wife and I all the time are like, look at people. How's that guy making money? He's so stupid. Homeboy wears two different color socks. His clothes don't match. He has like hair coming. His hair, I'm not sure where his ear hair stops and his neck hair begins. Like he, the hygiene issues and these weird people don't even have an overthinking switch. So the reason why I get intense with you guys on a Zoom is I'm trying to reach through the Zoom right at you and turn your switch off. Trying to turn your switch off. That's why I'm so intense on these lives. And why do we appeal the PML's second position, right? Always second position. The main is the first and second position for probably another hour. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you, peace. That's my job. My job is to get intense with you so I can turn that switch off. And you did that. Exactly did that. Wow. Hey, do you have a Zoom sort of video on how to actually structure the sub-tune breakdown? Yeah. If you're one of my students, that's what my whole mentorship is for. Guys, we're not going to get into subject two today. Please. Go work with one of my sub-tune students if you're not able to get into my mentorship. Please. Perfect. Don't turn this into a subject two education. Trying to teach you guys raising private capital and y'all are now excited about subject two. If you aren't learning subject two, then you're frankly you're stupid. You're trying to do everything with cash. Congratulations. You're going to lose. Um, where I'm here for private money too. Okay. Can I go over a sub-tune? I just locked up and get your pin on it. No, you cannot. That's not what the Zoom is for. I'm sorry. Are you guys okay with me just being a little bit tertiary? Make sure we stay on topic. Everybody's always trying to take my attention away. All right. So here we go. So here's this deal. On this deal, I took over Wells Fargo alone subject two and Sonya. I paid 10% simple interest. So the question is when do I pay Sonya back? Okay. Well, it depends. Okay. When do I pay Sonya back? It depends on my structure. Okay. Write this down. Write this down because no matter how many power points you watch, no matter books you read, no matter seminars, you go to no matter who you pay to teach you about private money lending, the private money lender and you are who determine the structure on every individual deal. I have probably raised close to a hundred million dollars in my lifespan as a real estate investor and never one time. Never one time has the structure ever been the same. Length the time amount of percentage. How would they want to be paid? Whether they want to be involved in the view like viewing the deal. Like I have lenders. Check this out guys. I have lenders that want to be in my slack channel and I have other lenders that couldn't care any less. And I'm going to show you guys all this stuff. It's going to be great. Check this out. So I'll show you a lot of our active deals we have going on. But right now, by the way, not a lot of investors are going to show you how many I look at all these active deals we have going on. Look at all these. Okay. So you guys think you're learning from the right person? Here's a deal right here on Diamond Street. We're making about a hundred and forty thousand dollars on this one. It just closed. I think our final settlement statement was like a couple days ago, but it's closed. Okay. Um, I don't know when it was closed, but it should have been closed a couple days ago. There you go. It got D stage. We did stages when it's D stage. So some private money lenders want to be involved in my deals and they want to see the back end. Some private money lenders couldn't care any less. Some private money lenders want to be paid on the first. Some private money lenders don't want to be paid. Any money they just want to actually have a private money lender that doesn't receive a payment every month. What she wants is she wants to take that money and roll it into another deal every month. So it compounds and compounds and compounds. I have another lender that wants to be paid twice a month. She wants to be paid first first part of the month half of her money, second part of the month, the other half of her money every month because she wants to treat it like a paycheck. Guys, when you ask me a question of how do I route? How do I structure private money? Is there such thing as a perfect structure that everybody follows? Have I sufficiently answered that question? Can I move on to another topic and you guys don't ever ask me a question of is there a perfect structure? Now I will show you structures but every lender is different. Every deal is different and my exit strategy is different on every single deal. Sometimes I'm going to hold the property for 20 years. Some times I'm going to hold the property for five. Sometimes I'm going to hold the property for three months. It depends on the deal. Now on this particular deal with Sonia, what I did is Sonia said she wanted her money in 12 months. She wanted her money in 12 months. Why? The reason why she wanted it is because she's a swimmer. You guys are like, what the hell is a swimmer? This is officially the only time I've ever mentioned this ever. Even my students don't know this because I just created this this morning. Check this out. You guys are going to see something so sick today. It's going to be so dope. You guys won't even believe it. I created this. I woke up early this morning at 3 a.m. and I created this for you guys. By the way, there is a replay of this but it's only for my students. I'll be putting this into the sub-tube student vault just FYI. Here is my little screen share on this. This is going to be part one of probably a seven or eight part series for my students. Check this out. I've got five different types of lenders. I've got a whale. I've got a dolphin. A swimmer. A shark. A gator. A camel. I'm going to break this down for you guys in about an hour. I'm going to tell you guys where to find these people, who they are, etc. I actually have a very specific topic. Check this out. The swimmer. This is what a swimmer wants. Teach me how to do it. I want to get involved. I wish I was you, but I want to learn by doing. I want you to teach me how to swim. Typically it's 10 to 12% simple interest. Never amortize you guys don't know amortize means. A lot of people don't know amortize mean, but I'll show you. They get no ownership. It's always short term. And they want to be on their own one day. You guys want me to break down. You guys want me to break down these personalities and who they are and what they want and all that kind of stuff. Nobody teaches I've been in every mentorship around raising private capital. Nobody breaks down personality types ever, ever, ever. Okay. Yara. See, Yara is one of my lenders right here. Yara. Can I unmute you Yara for just a second please? Because I want I would just want to have everybody hear your voice. Okay. Yara is one of my swimmers. Hi, Yara. She's trying to figure out. Hello. Hello. There she is. Yes, I am. Hi, Pacey. Nice to meet you. I love and appreciate you. I love you too. Sometimes I think you don't. I go, I'm a busy man. Everybody thinks that I don't like him when I'm busy. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Good to be busy. It's always good to be busy. I appreciate you tremendously. So Yara, you borrow or you loaned money to me not because you wanted to keep your money with me for a long, long time. You loaned money to me because you said, I want I don't want my money being killed by inflation. I want to get a monthly check because I think my monthly check I was giving you at the time was paying for your living expenses because you had just retired from your job, right? Yes, yes. And then you also said, I want to see what this looks like. I want to be involved in a transaction. I don't want to just talk about real estate. I want to be involved in real estate. That's right. Until until when until you could find your own deals to put your money into. Is that right? That's right. Exactly. So I provide as a real estate investor, I provide a tremendous value to somebody like you Yara. Is that correct? That's perfect. Yes. And I appreciate that. I'm trying to there's a lot of people you got 750 people in here Yara and a lot of these people will believe that they have no value to a private money lender like yourself. They do have value because just being here, I connect with so many people and so many big fish there, big fish in the sub-chicco community have reached out to me. Some were very genuine, some were not people that I would do business with. I have a great, great deception there with one of them. And we keep learning, learning and learning. Love it. So you enjoyed lending money to me for a while. We developed a relationship. We had a friendship, but that friendship will go on forever. But the relationship on money lending doesn't go on forever with people like you and me because you want to go and do your own deals. Is that correct? I do. And if I could keep lending to you doing both, I would be happy to do it. Yeah, you could always do both for sure. Exactly. Yeah, you could always do both. So guys, typically when you're in a live like this, you're in Zoom, you're going to run into a lot of private money lenders. In fact, I probably have a good two or three million dollars of people's money right now in the sidetrack. I have an abundance mentality. If like Yara, for example, Yara, if you came on my lives and I talk about your name, what happens? Everybody wants to talk to you, right? Exactly. And that seems counter to me. I put a post there. And in less than one hour, I got 105 requests for being friends. See, I have, I have an abundance mentality because I will let you guys know who my private money lenders are. Do you want to know why? Because no matter who you are, no matter what you do, there are more than enough, there's more than enough private money lenders out there to share across across abundance is everything. The reason why you guys come to me on Sunday morning and you want to learn from me is because I'm not a fake guru that's just making YouTube videos about raising capital. I'm actually doing it. Well, by one of my private money lenders is on my Zoom with me right now in a free Zoom. Okay. The reason why you guys show up is because of the way I operate. Okay. So I operate with abundance so that we have an abundant community. All right. Now, Yara, thank you for coming on here. I appreciate that. That was awesome. Thank you. You have a good day. I'm here. Yara, no matter how frequently I talk to you or don't talk to you, my heart always beats partly just for you. I love you. And I love you too. And I hope to see you on Vegas. Of course, you will see me on Vegas. You'll give me a hug in Vegas. It'll be great. Yes, I will. All right. So check this out. So Sonya is a swimmer too. Okay. What's a swimmer, guys? We just broke that down. Right. What's a swimmer? Swimmers, somebody who wants to do this themselves. They want me to teach them how to swim. So what they do is they get into my slack channels. Okay. So like if you guys ever let loan money to me, you would actually be part of a real transaction. You would see the way things are unfolding. You'd see why we choose these cabinets and what's going on with you'll never see my name in here. I'm too busy doing stuff. But this is our slack channel, right? This is what it looks like. You want to learn what Anna's doing and where we're spending money and how things are being decided on. And here's a mold inspection report and lab results and hey, there's a framing issue here. This is something that a lot of lenders come to me for. And they go, I want to feel what it feels like to be in an actual deal. Okay. I want to be in a deal. And I want to get a check from you every single month. And so Sonya, okay, let's work out. What did Sonya receive? Okay. What did Sonya receive? If she loaned $30,000 to me, if Sonya loaned $30,000 to me, what was her monthly payment on that deal at 10% interest? And now it's $3,000. No, no, no, guys, it's not 10% monthly. That's 10% yearly return. Okay. 10% yearly. Okay. So she was receiving $250 per month. Now, was I paying down her payment or what I owed her? Or was it just interest only? It was interest only. So every single month, I paid her $250 every single month. Okay, for 12 months. Now, my average house, this house, right? So I have this house. It's an Airbnb, it's 27, 20 North sterling. You guys can see this house. I bought it subject to. Now, I have a Wells Fargo loan of $1,900 a month. Okay. And then I also have Sonya payment of $250. And then I have miscellaneous, right? Like utilities, landscape, blah, blah, blah, blah, let's say of like $1,500 of, and that's like repairs and maintenance and, you know, damage and whatever else. Okay. So my monthly cost, right? My cost every single month of this is roughly, let's say, $3,000, $400,000, $600,000, $650. Okay. So my cost for this house is $3,650 per month to run this Airbnb. And my average income on this property, okay, my average income on this property is $10,000 a month over the course of a year. Now, this last month, I brought in $14,000. Okay. That's a higher and one, right? Sometimes I'm only bringing six or $7,000. Okay. Now, if I'm bringing in 10,000, if my average income is $10,000, so we thought everybody tracking me on this, everybody tracking me on my average income on that property is $10,000. Okay. So I'm going to take out $3,650 a month on that deal. I showed you guys the address. I showed you the proof that I own it. I showed you this text message from my Airbnb operator that we brought in $14,000 last month. We're all on the same page. This is not a fake example. This is real. Okay. This is like half of my deals are like this. Okay. So then I'm bringing in, what is that? $6,350 per month on average on that deal.