 By the way, for anybody that doesn't understand this about wholesale, wholesale in the next five, maybe seven years, wholesale will be outlawed nationwide. Arizona just passed a law that stated you have to let your seller know. Okay, you have to let your seller know that you are wholesaling their property. So what's that going to do to wholesalers? It's going to force them to purchase the property and then double close or sell that property like 12 hours later. So last week, I had somebody in the gator community come to me and go, PACE, I need 24 grand. I go, why do you need 24 grand? And they said, well, because I have it, I have five lots that I have under contract with the seller. I don't want the seller to know how much money I'm making. And I have a buyer that's going to buy four lots from me. Okay. So the seller is selling me five lots at 24 grand. I need to close ask her on that deal, own those five lots for an hour. And then I can turn around and then sell those sell four of those lots, keeping one to myself for 50 grand. And so that's what he went and did. So he made $26,000 plus kept a piece of land in the process. He got a free piece of land in $26,000 wholesaling. He didn't wholesale. He actually double closed. He used my 24 grand to close his transaction with the seller and then turn around and sold that again to somebody else at 50 grand. Okay. So I go, great. How much can I make from my $24,000? And guys, where did I get my $24,000? Where did I get my $24,000? From my line of credit from prime corporate services. So what I'm trying to do with this community is show you how I did this by building a business line of credit over the next six months together. So I didn't use. So there's people in here that go, I don't have $24,000 because that's your mindset. Your mindset is I can only do what I have with my existing resources. Guys, there are a lot of people out there making a lot of money with other people's money. Stop with the limited mindset. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit to go out and do loans like this. So how much money did I make? By the way, this just happened. Okay. This just happened. I didn't make five grand. I made four grand, but I made the four grand literally. I wired the money in the morning and I got the money back that same exact day and I made $4,000 in less than 12 hours on a line of credit. So what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to teach you guys number one. I'm trying to give you guys the paperwork. I'm first and foremost, I'm trying to give you guys the business strategy that exists. And I've just showed you two of the five today just showed you them. I haven't told you where to find the I haven't given you the paperwork. I haven't given you where to find these opportunities. I haven't shown you how to fill out the paperwork. I haven't filled the showed you how to do the conversations. Any of that stuff. None of it. So the people who have taken action on prime corporate services, by the way, if you guys are trying to get into the gator, I am only going to train people. It's like I like I said earlier on a Facebook live. If I go to a mechanic and I say, Hey, will you teach me how to fix a car? And the mechanic says, yeah, I'm paste. What car do you have? And I go, I don't have a car. What are what? So here I am trying to teach you guys how to build a lending business, but you guys don't have a line of credit. You guys are trying to use your own cash. Guys, I'm not trying to teach you how to use your own cash. That's not what I'm trying to teach. I'm trying to teach you guys how to build corporate credit so that you guys can get to a point where you have what I have. Access to over a million dollars. I can fund deals in two minutes because I have lines of credit that prime corporate services has helped me build. So here's what I'm doing for the action takers. What I'm going to be doing is for the next six months. I'll be doing one to two zooms a month, where I will be teaching. Not just the paperwork. I will be teaching you guys the strategies where to find these people had to talk to them. How to do all the things.