 Now, for a lot of you guys, you're going to say, well, I don't have $300,000. Well, in the Gator training, I'm going to teach you guys. I'm going to teach you guys how to not only be a Gator lender, right? By opening up lines of credit and growing those lines of credit to as large as my lines of credit are now. I'm going to show you guys over time how to build those. But more importantly, I'm going to show you guys how to be a Gator wrestler, okay? Silly, silly name, but here's what it means, okay? It means that let's go to my little handy dandy white pad. So I get people that come to me frequently, okay? And they'll say stuff like, hey, pace. Okay, perfect. I have a deal that I need money for like 30 days. And I go, great, no problem. What? Tell me the deal, right? And so this is another thing I'm going to teach you guys is how to analyze these deals and decide whether you want to lend on them, whether you want to raise capital for them or whatever, whether you want to bring a couple of other people in this community. Because there's a lot of people on the side chat that are blowing up right now saying, I have money. Let's do business together. Okay, well, here's what I did. Here's a gentleman, I won't say his name because he's probably in the side chat. He says, I have a flip going on and I need money for 30 days. I go, how much do you need? He says I need $500,000. Now for a lot of you guys, you go, I don't have $500,000. Well, why don't you? First and foremost, learn how to make $500,000. We're going to teach you guys how to do that in Gator lending over a long period of time. I'll show you guys what the schedule is. But first and foremost, why don't you? And why don't you have a line of credit that has grown to a point where you can go and fund these types of deals? And I go, no problem. What do you need the money for? He tells me what he needs the money for. And I go, you know what? Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go and pull a bunch of guys together and I'm going to have everybody fund basically $100,000 and we're going to lend that money to this guy. The cool thing is I actually didn't bring $100,000. I just brought five people that had $100,000 to the table. We funded the transaction and I will end up making $25,000 for putting that together. OK, so I will make actually more money than the lenders will make money because I put a JV agreement together. OK, I'm going to show you guys how to do this legally. I'm going to show you guys how to do this with the right paperwork. I'm going to show you guys all of this kind of stuff. Now, that's a larger, that's a larger transaction, right? That's something that a lot of people are afraid of. They're like, oh my gosh. Well, guys, you got to start small, right? This is why I'm to, I told people like I want to work with people that have LLCs. I want to work with people that are working on getting lines of credit because this is where I want you to go. I want you to go to a position in a place that you can go in and do this type of funding. And if you're somebody that's like, it's bonkers to me. I've told you guys a story so many times about when we back in October, OK? Back in October, I did a driving for deals challenge. It was a 26 day challenge with my sub two students and my non students. And what I did is I set up basically 500 of my sub two students to help about 1500 non students go out and get their first deal. It was a massive success. We helped over 500 people get their first contract in 26 days, 500 people is bonkers. How successful that was. The challenge was is like on day five, I was giving homework to everybody on day five, OK? Or like one, two, three, four, five days in a row, three hours every day. We were on live. We were doing it. We're going to appointments on Zoom. Like literally you guys were seeing us in appointments on Zoom, like knocking doors, driving for deals, calling sellers, negotiating. And what happened is I was getting people on day five in this challenge going, um, so where do I start? And like, what do you mean? I we've been giving you homework on day one and day two and day three and you're on day five asking me, dude, I, I'm sorry. I cannot do this. I, so I've made a vow to myself. I'm not going to put myself in that situation ever again. I'm not. If you saw what was going on in the side chat in that training, you would have seen there was like, I think there's about 1500 people in that live training. There's about 800 or 900 people that were like, I don't even want to be in this, challenge anymore because we can't move forward because people are literally showing up four days late and starting and going, where do I start? Well, you start by showing up on time. You don't go to a college course that you pay a couple thousand dollars for the semester and show up midway through the college course and say, where do I start? Right. You joined at the beginning. You open up the index. You read what the book is about. You get the context. You get the runway before you take off. And people are basically showing up to a lot of these trainings and going, where do I start? What do I do? And so what I'm doing with the Gator method is once we start the actual training, right? The paperwork, what to do. I'm going to give you guys homework. And if you are not action takers, I can't work with you. I just can't do it anymore. I can work with brand new people. I can work with brand new people all day long. I have the patience to answer the same question a hundred times, but I don't have the patience to deal with people that are not action takers that literally by day five have not done anything. Okay. If you aren't doing something and you're not an action taker, then I'm not the person for you to work with because I'm going to create a scenario where I squeeze my audience to a pinch point where I require you to take action. A couple of other methods. So Gator wrestling is something that I've kind of coined and talked about is that I have resources. I'm going to show you guys how to gather these resources, work with these resources, and put yourself in these situations is right here. A Gator wrestler, you bring Gators to the table or you bring other lenders or other resources to the table, you gain points. Okay. You gain part of the back end of the flip. You gain part of the equity. You gain part of the cash flow. You gain part of the ownership. Okay. Now a really great deal that I'm doing right now with Eddie Charger, speaking of Eddie Charger who was in my mirror board, knucklehead, Eddie Charger and I are doing a deal right now. Okay. And the deal is a fiveplex in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay. There's a fiveplex in Atlanta, Georgia and it is going to be a seller finance deal. I've never spoken to the seller. Eddie Charger, who's one of my students of leader in Atlanta, he says, I'm going to talk to the seller and I'm going to go share with the seller. So there's a fiveplex in Atlanta. It's already cash flowing. It's already renovated and the seller says, I'll sell to you guys seller finance. Well, the problem with this is that a lot of times you're going to have a seller that goes, yeah, I'll give you three percent interest and I'll give you all these great terms and I'll give you a good purchase price and all that kind of stuff. But I want a down payment of $300,000 down payment. Now I know I talk a lot about zero down deals and no credit, no credentials, but I do just as many deals that require down payments as I do deals that don't have down payments. Okay. There's a lot of deals out there that require capital to get them done. It's not every deal, but it's probably 50% of them. So I go, Hey, Eddie, here's what I want. If you bring the deal, okay, you bring the house, you bring the deal and I bring the lender, I didn't say if I fund it, I said, if I bring the lender, if I bring the lender for that $300,000 and we pay that lender his interest payment, I want 50% of the deal. This is a live deal that's going on right now. This is a, this is a property that we're going to be closing on here in the next 30 or 45 days. So learning how to bring these resources to the table will bring me basically $800,000 of ownership of a fiveplex in downtown Atlanta of an already renovated already cash flowing asset. Not only will I get ownership of that, but I'll get the depreciation. I'll get the cash flow. I'll get all of the appreciation, not all of it, but Eddie will get the other 50%. The cool thing is Eddie brought the deal. He didn't have to fund it. He doesn't have to do any of that stuff. He'd have to use credit or credentials. So multiple people coming together and getting these deals done is massive. Now, the lender will get paid back, right? Obviously the lender will get paid back, but the lender won't have any ownership. I will. I'm not even the lender and I will have 50% ownership of the deal. This is also part of Gator lending is going and grabbing other gators, bringing them to the table, having them fund these down payments and you wedging yourself into owning property. Now think about this. You guys want to go out and you want to be financially free. So that sometimes requires let's go out and let's cold call. Let's knock doors. Let's do postcards. Let's spend money, spend money, spend money, spend money. Guys, I just got $800,000 in equity on a fiveplex and downtown Atlanta already renovated, already cash flowing for literally never talking to the seller, not bringing any of my own money to the table, not having to do anything except for understanding how to bring that lender to the table and structuring it properly. Gator lending. I wasn't even the Gator. I was the person who rassled the Gator and brought them to the table. That Gator will get their return and I got 50% of the freaking deal. 50%. This is a live deal that's going on right now. Okay. I could go on and on and on. Okay. You want you if you guys want me to go on and on, I'll give you I'll continue to go on. So this is a deal that I have not negotiated yet, but I'm going to I'll bring out his name. His name is Ryan Peterson. He's one of my students. Okay. Ryan Peterson. He knows that I'm looking for land to develop in Atlanta. Okay. So when you're going to develop, you need land, right? Here's a parcel land. You need the land. You need a developer, somebody who's going to do the development and the building, right? Development partner. You need also a finance here, right? Somebody who's going to finance this kind of stuff. Okay. Well, the cool thing is Ryan comes to the table and he goes, I want to I got the land under contract pace and it already comes with permits. It already comes with all this stuff. And I go, okay, cool. I want to be part of that project. So Ryan comes to me and he goes, do you want to be part of this? I go, absolutely, I'll go get the developer and I'll go get the finance here. And I will become a 50 50 partner with Ryan Peterson on this deal or whatever it is. It might end up being the developer might want 33% of it. So 33% goes to the developer. Okay. 33% goes to Ryan and 33% goes to me. Another deal where I literally didn't have to find the deal. I didn't have to deal with the development. I don't have to be a licensed contractor. I don't even know how I don't even have to know how to develop townhouses. And we will go and develop a 48. It's not 40 units. It's 48 duplexes. So essentially it's 88 units that I will be a 33% owner on because I understand how to go grab these resources, bring them to the table and structure it properly. This is called Gator wrestling. I'm going to go wrestle these Gators, bring them to the table and let them get a chunk while I also negotiate a chunk for myself. Guys, I can literally go and get 20 to $30 million in assets this year by literally never having to talk to a seller, never having to bring any of my own money to the table, but just by understanding Gator method training that I'm going to give you guys in upcoming training. Okay. Here's another one. I told you guys this one about last time. I've got another deal in Kansas City. Okay. You guys, all my students know about this deal because I give it to you guys in my credibility email that you guys use with your negotiating with sellers. I have a developer that came to me and he says, hey, pace, we need basically $900,000 on this deal. I'm like, okay, I don't have $900,000 available right now, but what if I bring somebody who does have $900,000 to the table? He goes, okay, well, I'll give you a percentage of the deal. Guys, it's 75 acre development. They're developing 75 acres into multi-family apartment complexes. And I will essentially have 13% ownership of this deal because I went out and I brought somebody to the table who brought $900,000 to the table. That wasn't my $900,000. I just introduced these two people together. I didn't even have to do the paperwork. The developer did the paperwork. The developer took care of everything. Literally took care of everything. Molly, my operations manager made sure it was done properly so we could protect ourselves. And I'm going to train you guys on how to do all of this stuff. Okay. All of this stuff. Oh, you got, and by the way, people who can't see the full computer, you guys will get the recording of this at some point. Okay. Oh, so there's Scott Bigelow. What's up, man? All right. We're at an hour and 10 minutes in. I've got one more thing to tell you in the world. It's some Q and A. So if you guys have questions, please raise your hand and we'll, we'll go through all that. One last thing we'll go through. There's other strategies. There's other things that we'll go into, but I just don't have the time to show you every little thing. Oh my gosh. I've got tons of little case studies I could go through and tell you guys stories about, but I just don't have the time. I want to make sure we open it up Q and A. Let you guys ask some questions. So I've got a deal right now. So there's a Kansas City deal, the Atlanta 48, the Atlanta 5plex. I do this with fixing flips all the time. I do with Morby method. I've got a deal. You guys had Heather Wittsig come in last time where I'm funding 50 grand off of my line of credit that I got from prime corporate services. I'm funding 50 grand on her transaction and I'm getting 15,000 dollars plus a portion of the ownership of the deal and the 50 grand is coming back to me in less than 30 days. So I'll fund the 50 grand. It'll come back to my line of credit in less than 30 days. So I won't really pay any interest on it. Then I'll get 15,000 dollars in a chunk of money. Plus I'll get ownership in the property. Pretty freaking amazing. These types of deals like come to me all the time. Okay. And then this one's another one. Okay, this is long term because a lot of people in here, this is going to, you're going to just like your eyes are going to glaze over because you're not going to understand how powerful this really is. There are so many people that go to like my investor alone.com or other lenders and they're trying to get a fixing flip loan or a burlone or whatever. And they can't qualify for whatever reason. It could be their credit, could be their income, could be a lot of you guys don't know this, but there are lending requirements like liquidity and net worth requirements where the lender will go, well, what's your net worth and what's your liquidity requirements? What I do for people all the time is I sponsor their loans, which means I'm not bringing any money to the table. And I will use my credit and I will use my liquidity and I will use my net worth on paper, just a balance sheet. Not me actually sending liquidity or any money to the table. It's just showing people, hey, the person who is sponsoring the loan or qualifying for the loan has all of these credentials, has this entire balance sheet. Here's their money. Here's their resources. And then they give the loan to the person that is buying the deal. The great thing is I can wedge myself into owning a portion of that deal without having any money come out of my pocket. The problem with this is that this takes months and months and months to build up. You need to build your capital. You need to build your lines of credit. You need to build these resources to you. So you can get to a point where you can wedge yourself into this stuff. Guys, I could be literally retired finding deals the rest of my life just by having this one thing. I can sponsor multi family deals, right? Apartment complexes. I can sponsor single family deals. I can sponsor so many fixed inflips. It's ridiculous. The best part about it is the way that we structure it and the lenders that we go through is those lenders do what we call is a non recourse loan, which means let's say that the person you sponsor their loan, the market crashes and these loans go default. Guess what? A non recourse loan never goes against your credit. So I can go out and sponsor as many of these loans as I possibly can. There's no limit to how many loans I can sponsor and no matter what happens in the future success or no success, they will never hit my credit because they are a non recourse loan. We're going to walk you through. As you can imagine, every one of these topics takes multiple hours to educate and do Q and A and show you the paperwork and all that kind of stuff. And so the future training is what I want to talk about next. I want to show you guys what I'm doing when the next steps are, et cetera. Okay.