 Now, Carolyn, for me, the reason I, you'll pay a dramatically lower version of your tax bill. I pay zero dollars in taxes because I have more than write offs. I have something magical in real estate. It's called depreciation. Carolyn, do you own e-rentals? I do have own rentals now. Okay. You should own rentals at some point in your life. Okay. Because that is the only true passive income that you'll ever, ever have in your life. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, your $100,000 you bring in, you just need to go find a hundred, if you want to pay zero dollars in taxes, you need to find a hundred thousand dollars in write offs. Okay. Some of you guys will have 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 dollars in write offs. And so your tax bill is essentially going to be half, right? Now they can only tax you on whatever is remaining. So if I earn a hundred grand, okay, and I have 50,000 of write offs, that means I only get taxed on the other part, the other 50, the other 50, right? If I earn a hundred grand and I find $90,000 in write offs like my house, my car, my grocery is my wardrobe, which it's going to stack up pretty significantly. My travel expenses, my wardrobe, my internet, all the things, right? My computer. I need a new computer. Enter ink, cartridge ink, you know, all the things, every little thing, you'll get to a point where like 80% of your income is going to your business to some degree, even though you are living off of it as well, and you'll only get taxed on the other 20%. It's very simple. And so if you don't own real estate, like I own real estate and a lot of my people own real estate, the biggest tax advantage you could ever have is owning, having an LLC with the bank account and figuring out how to write off every single thing in your personal life. So that you pay less money in taxes, you have more money to use for your business. Maybe now you have money to invest in real estate because think about this, Carolyn, did you spend 20 grand in taxes last year or more? Yes. Okay. It's been a while jointly. Okay. So you guys spend a lot of money in taxes. Yes. Okay. So think about this. You guys could go get a fourplex right with a down payment right now with the money you gave the government last year. So when people are like, well, I don't have money to invest in real estate pace. I don't have the down payment. Like, well, if you paid less money in taxes because of write offs from your LLC, you would then have the remaining balance instead of giving it to the IRS, you could then invest in real estate and additionally compound, compound, compound, compound. Okay. So if you guys want, I'll bring in my CPA and we'll do a, we'll do short ones because I could go, I literally did a three hour zoom before this and I could overwhelm you very quickly. Okay. I actually think I'm going to stop right now. Okay. I've given you guys enough homework to go and do this. So what I want you to do, Carolyn and all the other baddies is I want you to DM message, email, my rent, say pace was great. Please have him back. He said he'll come back if you, if you tell him to come back. Okay. And when I come back, I'll bring my CPA. We'll break down another 30 or 40 minutes. Okay. Okay. And then I'll do another one, maybe in a month or so and I'll show you how to use your money instead of paying it to the taxes and how to go buy a property where you don't have to worry about, you know, the rest of your life, one property. Just one property will offset half of your expenses for the rest of your life. Okay. Okay. Um, so Logan being a Logan. Any one of my sub two or Gator tribe, do you guys feel like you need to be reminded? I'm going to ever do something like this without you guys. Come on. You guys know I'm going to do that. What's funny is my students are like, they get 40 hours a week of support for me and they're like, wait, don't do a zoom without me. Okay. So, um, I will absolutely 100% share that with my group and Carolyn. What'll be great is what city do you live in? Um, coral springs just north of Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood. Amazing. So I have a lot of Florida students. In fact, I've got, um, I don't know if Heather Whitsick is in here. There she is. So Heather Whitsick, she's a nomad. She's like traveling around Florida right now and she's in real estate. So what'll be fun, Carolyn is you'll meet some other people that are in real estate in your local Florida area. Take them out. Oh, mindset, nurses in Florida. That's right. Um, so you'll meet a lot of friends in my group that are in real estate that you can hang out with go to dinner and become friends with people that, you know, at some point you want to learn how to do some real estate. Jonathan is near me. Jonathan is still being okay. He's great. Okay. Who? Thank you. No, my, my, my, my, her, had some family thing come up and she's like, I'm not going to do it. I need to cancel my, I can't cancel. Thank you. We appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I, you know, I was telling my group earlier, I woke up feeling like I had the flu this morning and I was like popping Advil and show up. It's your job. I just love doing this. I love sir. Like Carolyn, the little change that we've made in your brain in just 40 minutes is literally why I wake up in the morning. So, um, and because I got a, I got to see a, like yourself and, and meet you. It's really good to meet. Nice to meet you too. Okay. Um, okay. So guys, we'll do another one. But Carolyn and all the other baddies, your guys' homework today is to blow my, up at least two to three times and go, dude, get this guy back. He's going to bring his CPA. We'll do just 30, 40 minutes. And if you want to be prepared for that meeting, I would listen to like a tax free wealth on, um, audible or if you don't want to spend money on audible, I was just going to say that. My wife, my number one problem with my wife is she's so smart that she knows where my sentence is going. And she doesn't allow for my natural cadence to unravel the full sentence. So she's already finishing my sentences, which is great. Um, but Tom Willwright has a lot of really, really good interviews on YouTube. So just go to YouTube and type in Tom Willwright taxes and just listen to four or five of them. 50% of what he says is going to go over your head. But being overwhelmed is part of the process. You got to just kind of walk through that, right? Okay. And it's free. I'm going to do it for free. Tom Willwright's for free. We're going to give you guys ways to, um, you know, actually do put this into your business for free. And then we'll come back a couple more times for free because of how amazing Myra was working for me for a couple of years. She's amazing. Yes. So is this free? No, Myra paid for it with her hard work to like three. What was that four years ago? That's sad. Four years ago she worked for us. We loved her. She became like my sister. I love her so much. Now here's the, here's the final part to that is no matter how free things are, the biggest challenge is, I is learning by yourself. Okay. I have a hard time learning by myself. I want to be around a community of people that are my friends. I want to feel encouraged and accountable. I want to be able to have people to bounce ideas off. And that's why we do what we do. Yeah, I need accountability. I can't do some things by myself. I need somebody to keep me accountable. Me too. Me too. Okay. Um, Carolyn is great to meet you. It was nice to meet you. Hey, thank you for your time. We appreciate it. Of course. We'll see you guys in a couple of weeks. Okay. Okay. Uh, question. Is this going to be saved anywhere for the other guys? I'll give you, I'll take this recording and send it over to my road today. Perfect. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Thank you. Bye.