 Cool. So with you Heather on this deal, I would, the challenge is like that $21,000 deal. The second I found out, he actually didn't even have an inspection period. Deepen, this whole seller went and bought a house from a seller with no inspection period, whatsoever. And I found out he was in the state of California that even if he did have an inspection period, I would have had to go get an adendum. So I was just like, Hey, man, I'd love to do your, I ended up getting on a phone call with him. I said, Hey, this is what I need you to do. And I took the drop box link for the wholesale contract. I go, start using this wholesale contract so that we can actually do business together. And by the way, never put yourself in a situation where you don't have an inspection period. And I coached him, okay? Do you guys believe that as gators, people who have the opportunity to make a lot of money, do you feel that you're going to have a lot of moments where you're going to be teaching a lot of knuckleheads and you're going to feel what one person in my life feels like. Yes. Hey, you have to be okay with that and have the patience, right? You have to have the patience of like an eternal mother where you're just like, I'm okay with teaching you the same thing a thousand times. And that's how you make money. Okay? Do you think tidal companies have to reeducate wholesalers on things? Do you think lawyers and other people that are doing business with wholesalers have to teach them on things all the time? You feel like everybody in business is always constantly providing customer service to some degree. You cannot make money without providing an amazing user experience. So, Heather, your job is not to say, wow, you're a knucklehead. I can say you guys are knuckleheads in here because you're not my customers and because I'm having fun and hopefully so are you. And you know, I'm not serious. But if you make a wholesaler feel unwelcome, not deserving of your time, you will not get them to come back. And so a lot of this is building. Listen to this is another very important thing. Do not undercut each other. There's a very important one. This is another one. Do not forget that these are your customers and that it's your job to entice them to come back to you. For a lot of you guys that have nine to five jobs or you work in a cubicle and your boss tells you what to do all day long, you don't know the value of a customer yet. And you don't know how hard it is to get one. And you also don't understand that sometimes a customer is somebody that you talk to 15 times before you ever make money together. And you have to understand that as part of the equation, it's not gosh, this person keeps wasting my time. It's, man, I'm so grateful this person's calling me instead of somebody else. That's the mindset shift. Does that make sense guys? Definitely. Cool. Kevin says, can we use the same contracts to consolidate Gatorlenders to loan out large EMDs, say for commercial properties if we choose to do so? Yes, that's called Gator Wrestling. We've talked about that in previous training. We will do that in other trainings as well. Okay.