 So you guys answer me. How am I paying Sonya back? How am I paying Sonya back? There you go from the cash flow. So you have a couple options. One, how to pay the lender back. How to pay the lender back. The first way I can pay a lender back is one from my cash flow. But what if my cash flow is not as strong as this particular Airbnb? Well, I can do a refinance later down the road. Now let me ask you guys a question. If I do a little screen share with you, let's go back to Sterling and let me do a screen share. And let me ask you a question. If I structured this deal with Sonya to refinance, could I refinance right now and pay off this old loan right here plus Sonya's money of $30,000 pretty easily? Okay, I would actually end up having a cash out, if I did a cash out refinance on this one with like the company we use for anybody that wants to know, we use a company called MyInvesterLone.com. MyInvesterLone.com will give me a loan. Let's say that I have a $630,000 house, which is what that's worth. And let's say they give me an 80% loan with no money out of my pocket, 80% loan. How much money? How much money will I get out of that cash out refi? How much money will I get out of that? So $504,000, I'll have a new loan, so this will be my new loan. What'll happen is let's do this a whole process again, knuckleheads. MyInvesterLone wires $504,000 to who? Who do they wire that money to? They wire it to a title company who's handling my refinance out of that $504,000. Okay? They're holding the $504,000? Guess what happens? The Wells Fargo loan that I have of $372 ends up getting paid, right? And then Sonia, my private money lender ends up getting paid her $30,000, plus she already received payments along the way. So essentially what's going to happen is how much money will I have after I paid off Wells Fargo and I paid off Sonia? How much money will I have in my pocket? I'll have $102,000 in my pocket. Pretty dope. Are you guys following this? Have we answered the question sufficiently of how to pay your lender back? And actually not have any money come out of your pocket on the deal. All right. Have you guys ever seen somebody talk about raising private capital and how it breaks down as simply and easy as this on an actual deal? All right. Cool. So there's the refinance. What's another way I could pay off the private money lender? Check this out. A lot of people won't tell you this, but I could replace that lender with another lender. So let's say Sonia gave me 12 months and I go, you know, in 12 months I'll find another private money lender. Could I replace Sonia with another private lender? Okay. I could do that. Now in your, here's the challenge. A lot of you guys have fear. Yeah. You have a lot of fear because you're new. Do you think you'll have more private money lenders in a year or less private money lenders in a year as you're taking action and being involved? You have a lot more, right? You'll have a lot more. I mean, just show up to my zooms and you'll find some private money lenders. By the way, for all of you non-subtoo students that are out there like trying to learn on YouTube, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for you guys. Like you can't, you're on YouTube, you can't communicate, you can't hang out with people on the sidetrack, you can't be on a Zoom. Like you are missing a very key element in your education process and it's community. If you don't have a community that's helping you out and doing deals with you, oh my gosh. Today is one little taste of our community. You guys got to get tapped into a community wherever it is. Like Amy who came on Wednesday, I was teaching private capital. I know she has her own community. Like get tapped into a community. Okay. Maybe one of these knuckleheads out there on YouTube. YouTube is for entertainment. If you guys ever see my seller calls or my deal breakdowns, guys, that's entertainment. You want to get educated. You got to get me in live zooms that go on for longer than an hour, longer than two hours, longer than three hours because that's where real education sets in. You have to set the foundation. You guys see why I'm teaching you the way I'm teaching you? I'm not just going to bombard you with information. I'm going to do it slowly. Give it to you. I'm going to ask you to repeat what I'm saying before we move on to the next topic. So now what's another way that I can pay off my lender? Tell me what's another way I can pay off my lender, guys. Sell the house. I love it. Good job. Great job. I can sell the house. Okay. There you go. Oh, Shay, I like that. You could owner finance. We're not going to get into that. We're not going to get into that. I just, this is stuff I teach my students long term, but I could sell it on owner finance to somebody else. I would never do that, but you could do that. A lot of people successfully do this and like this. Anna, we already did cash out refinance right here. Okay. Cold, cold black owner finance is a rap. It's the same thing. Sell the note. Yeah, you could sell the note if you really wanted to. I would never, I'll put it on there, but I would never do that. It's not an intelligent thing to do with that investment. Can you sub to a sub two? No, that's called owner finance. Yep, you could do a lease option, but your lease option, tenant is not going to pay you $30,000 down. So lease option is not really going to work out. A lease option if they pay you $30,000 to cover Sonya's fee, that's not a lease option anymore. You're now owner financing and you have an infirmant of ownership. And that's a legal issue that you don't want to run into. Yep. So there you go. Those are the, those are six primary ways to pay off that lender. Okay. Everybody understand how I'm paying off the private lender? Okay. I want to get 800 yeses in the side chat. If you're not replying, yes. Okay. Boom. There we go. There's something different guys when you participate in a Zoom instead of just sitting there and consuming content. Okay. So for all you late knuckleheads that showed up, I'm not going back and answering these questions again, but have we sufficiently answered why? Why do I need a private money lender? Can I, can I do a deal literally with no money out of my pocket? Not only no money out of my pocket, but can I do a sub two deal where I pay myself up front from somebody else's lending to me, structure in a way that I'm into the deal, no money out of pocket, let the property appreciate, let the cash flow come in, use the cash flow and the appreciation to ultimately pay off that lender. And now I don't have that lender anymore. Okay. Cool. So we've gone an hour and 20 minutes. I've really answered why do I need private money? Okay. I've also answered where I got Sonya. Okay. I also answered when and how do I pay them back?