 Oh, Carly, you joined in my name, Carly, Carly, Carly. You got to love it. What's up, guys? Happy Sunday. Super excited about hanging out with you guys today. I have been all over the country. I feel like the last month. So I finally have half a day where I'm at home and I will be gone again tomorrow. So I am hanging out with you guys. Super excited. We got a handful of things I got to cover today. We'd love to do some Q&A. People have questions. What's up, Shari Webb? How you doing? Let me mute everybody. Happy Sunday. And you guys are coming in here hanging out on a Sunday. Got some announcements. Got some scheduling things to bring up to you guys. As promised, Gator is going to be... Oh, it's always going to be like once a month live training, right? It's always going to be once a month. When we first started Gator, I did seven trainings back to back to back just about. And then I took a break to let everybody catch up. Now we're going to get back into that rhythm. I'll probably do two or three trainings over the next two or three weeks, even in the midst of me traveling, I should be doing some Gator training. I have Sean St. Clair coming in, our attorney. I have a couple of really special guests coming in for you guys. I have this cool strategy that I want to give you guys a resource that will allow you to double close without actually using any of your money, any of your lines of credit, or even even raising capital or Gator wrangling, Gator wrestling. I found a double closing business, a company that will double close for you, and will actually pay you a percentage of their fee for the referral. Therefore, you don't actually have to come up with any money. You don't have to utilize your corporate credit. It's a new relationship. I just set up and bring it to the table. Rich says, how do I get a sub-to-hat? All sub-to students get a free hat when you first join, and you just need to email Melissa, and then she verifies that we haven't sent you a hat already. Melissa at sub-to.com. I'm not wearing hats today because I just got, I went to church, hung out with my daughter. She crushed it on stage. She was supposed to say, she was supposed to say, hi, I'm Corbin, and I know I'm a child of God. I said what she said was, hi, I know I'm Corbin, and I love my dad, and my dad takes me on dates. And then she walked off the stage. She was gangster. I was like, yes. So good. So so good. Carly Grunman, guys, give her some love. Make sure you give her recognition. She does so much work behind the scenes. Carly gave me a couple of pointers today. She wanted me to cover. So I'll make sure that we do that today. I might even pull her up here so we can talk about a few things. Okay, so number one, I have been traveling for the last six weeks for those of you that are in Arkansas, which I highly doubt anybody in here is in in Arkansas. Who's in who's anywhere near Little Rock, Arkansas in here? I mean, there's 200 people. It's a good amount of people, but anybody even near there? So Carlos, you guys are you guys are near. Oh, you're four hours away. Okay, cool. Well, here's what I'm doing for anybody who wants to come hang out. I am flying to Little Rock, Arkansas tomorrow afternoon. I have a student who has been living basically homeless in the back of somebody's yard for four years. Just joined sub two got his first house seller finance. And he's like, I don't know how to move into it. I got all sorts of questions and I go, you know what, man, let's make this a Thanksgiving week. I'm going to fly my wife and my kids out there will get you set up in this brand new house. We'll get the whole sub two community behind it. And then I said, while I'm out there, let's do a community event where we find maybe a homeless shelter or something that we can give back to and we can all volunteer a day of our time. And this student says, well, my wife actually runs a nonprofit organization for underprivileged families with children zero to five years old. And I said, oh my gosh, how frituatous is this? So we're going to be doing a 400 person dinner on Tuesday night for underprivileged families in Arkansas. So my wife, myself, I'll probably cut a check for about 30, maybe 34, 34, I think is the budget, $34,000. And simultaneously help a student move into his brand new seller finance house. It's the first house he's ever bought for his wife. So kind of a Christmas Thanksgiving miracle. Very exciting week. And then we're going to do a meet up in Little Rock, Arkansas. All right. So for those of you guys are anywhere near there, we'd love to have you. Monday night, I fly in late Tuesday morning, I drive up north about an hour. We then are going to cook food. We're going to have the sub two community is going to volunteer. If there's any gators that want to come and hang out, please, that'd be great. We're in a cook food for 400 people at a big kitchen, big like commercial kitchen that we have access to. And we're going to feed these families that again are under-privileged living in poverty with children that are zero to five years old. And for me, you know, it's hard to choose a charity. We gave this year, we gave a little over a million dollars away of my personal capital to helping people in my community and then also sex trafficking stuff. And I gave up, gave 300,000 or so. And it's not that I don't believe in or have a, I don't have a soft spot for the sex trafficking stuff. I know it's a significant issue. One of the biggest issues besides drug addiction in our country, it's massive. I just have, you know, you got to find a charity that really resonates with you. For me, I think kids and their parents lack of financial education really hits all of us as we grow up. A lot of us here, we all were, we were all taught financial education from our parents. And so I really, I think I resonate with charities that are teaching children how to become financially literate because that's how you actually change the world. We could just give money out, give money out, give money out, give money out, give money out. So you have to change something. And so I really am excited about pouring into a charity on Tuesday that's all about getting kids and under privileged under educated kids. So if you guys are anywhere near Arkansas, we'd love to see you. That's going to be a lot of fun. I am not going to see my family, my mom and dad and Laura's mom and dad because we're going to go do Thanksgiving and Arkansas and hang out with people in Arkansas. And Arkansas is as foreign to me as Argentina or Australia or Canada for that matter. Who even knows what Arkansas even looks like? It might even be a fake place. Okay. So a couple of things. So stay tuned for that. I'll drop stuff in the discord. I'll drop stuff and I'll have Carly send out emails. Okay. Okay. Great. So Carly wants me to educate on a couple of things. Okay. She says for tomorrow's Gator training, if you'd like to go over any of or some of these as a reinforcement because there's some confusion, it will be helpful to mention these things. Number one, the difference between private money lending and Gator. Lots of private money lending posts for gap funding and how we're not giving you. Okay. Great. So this is a great one. A lot of people asking for private money lending contracts and documents. Guys, I carry young. She says, is this being recorded? Yeah. Everything I do is recorded. Even things you wouldn't even believe. Everything I do is recorded. Okay. So Jason is correct. He says Gators do not lend. So guys, right? Everybody in the chat, do me a favor. Gators do not lend. Let's type that in the side chat. Let's just type it in. Inesthetic learners, people that feel, right? I need to feel something in order for it to absorb into my brain. Gators do not lend. They joint venture. Okay. We joint venture with people. Okay. We joint venture. Now, reading this from Carly, I want to make sure I give you guys everything in your power to have you successful. Okay. If you guys want me to come in and teach you how to become private money lenders as a bonus and we do not talk about it as a gator. You are not a gator when you are private money lending. Then give me a yes. I will, I will educate you as a major bonus on how to become a private money lender. Okay. I will bring my attorney in. I will give you contracts, but it needs to be a major understanding that this is a bonus for you. Okay. This is not sub two. Okay. Sub two is like where I pour my heart and soul into sub two. I pour every last bit of energy and bonus into them. This is not that. I'm not here 21 times a week like I am in sub two in gators. In gator, I'm going to be here once a month, typically, sometimes twice a month. And that will go on for years. I'll probably do gator for probably four, maybe five years. Okay. So if you guys are in today, in two years are you going to be able to still be in gator. Am I still going to be doing live training for you guys? Okay. Cool. So we do understand that gators are joint venture partners. We are not lenders. Okay. We are not finance years. We are not the bank. We are the financial partner. We come to people and we go, Hey, I'll, I'll jave you with you on that. I'll joint venture with you on that. Okay. We are joint venture partners. Now a private money lender, right? Now there are some of you guys that are newer to gator and some of some people, some people want to find any reason to complain about this stupidest thing. And if you guys go into gator training, if you guys go into kajabi, you guys know, who notices that there's YouTube videos in there that are also on YouTube, the first three, maybe four videos in there are also on YouTube. Who knows that? That was intentional. Okay. One thousand percent intentional. And for those of you that complained about it, you're a baby. You're an effing complaining baby. You are looking for every possible thing to complain about. Go bonk your head right in the wall. Okay. Why are you a complaining baby? Because do you remember, do you guys remember like when you watch season one of a television show and then you go into season two of the television show and they're like, let's recap what happened in season one. You guys know all that, right? You guys remember that? It doesn't make sense when you jump into season two without a recap on season one. Okay. Same thing when you guys go to sixth grade and you just left fifth grade, you took the summer off and you go to sixth grade. I don't know if they have school in Canada, Effie, but we have school in Canada. We have school in America. I don't know how it is over there in Canada. Okay. So, Effie is a school teacher. I'm just a Teaser. So, you have to have a recap. And so, there's people that came into Gator that weren't as lucky as the original Gators that were part of the live training on YouTube for the first three or four weeks. And so, I told the team, I go, hey guys, please bring all the YouTube content into Gator, make sure it's the recap information before they get to the paid private information. And my team has said it's the number one complaint that people have had about Gator is that the free YouTube content is in the Kajabi course. And they're like, I can't believe I paid all this money for this free stuff. I could find this on YouTube. I'm like, it's a season one recap, guys. Do you want, would you rather us be inconvenient and go, hey guys, go over to YouTube and please make sure you find the four videos that you should have watched as a warm up and a preliminary course before you get into this? No, it was intentional. And I thought it was really smart. And my team's like, we, we need to remove all of the train, we need to remove all the YouTube stuff from Kajabi. And I said, absolutely not. These people need to be adults. And it's like these, it's, Caitlin says I found it helpful. Me too, I would find it helpful. Okay. Now granted, my team did screw up. They should have said, we know this is free information on YouTube. We are putting this here intentionally to save you time and energy. It's just a recap. Okay. So let's make sure we understand that. Now for you, for you guys, we, do we understand the difference between, between private money and being a gator? Who in here doesn't know that so I can have a conversation with you because I'd love to educate somebody on here who doesn't understand the difference between a private money lender and a gator. Steve Fogarty says, ish, which means no. If I ask a girl, if I'm cute, tell me I'm cute. And she's like, eh, ish. What's the answer? Means no. You're not cute. I just don't want to tell you you're ugly. Steve, let's have a quick conversation. Thank you for saying ish. I appreciate that. Steve, how you doing, bro? Oh, great. Thanks for you. I'm awesome, man. I, you know, for a lot of people watch, watch me on Instagram. I got a text message today from my wife as I was flying home from, from Fresno and my dog of 16 years cheese finally passed last night. Oh, you know, welcome to life. And you can, I choose to have this moment of like, wow, she lived 16 years, could have been way worse. And I also had this moment of like, I need to really double down on when I'm spending time with people to remind myself that life is moving forward, whether we like it or not. Right. So thanks. Thanks for asking, Steve. So Steve, your, the question is, do you understand the difference between private money lending and gator? Okay. So let me give you a quick synopsis and maybe we'll go, we can go a little bit deeper. This is really great education for a lot of people. So I appreciate you saying ish. Okay. So private money lender typically is okay with having money out on a deal over six months and up to five years. Okay. They are a lot more passive, right? They're not looking for chunks of money. They're looking for interest on their money. So for example, here's what a private money lender will do on a deal with me. Okay. I have a lot of private money lenders. Some of them are in here. Actually, I've got a couple private money lenders. So I've got a deal right now, Steve, where I just borrowed $2 million on a big multi-family deal. I did not want, I did not know how long I was going to need this money. And so I went and found private money. Okay. A private money lender is going to give me a more broad scope of time. Okay. So their time is a little bit less specific. Okay. A private money lender is going to say, hey, I'm okay with you having my money up to five years, two years, a year. Okay. I have a gentleman named Alex Cohen. Okay. I'll give you guys his information if you guys ever want his info. Have a gentleman named Alex Cohen that will give you money at seven percent interest on real estate. But he actually has a pre-payment penalty. He doesn't want his money back any faster than a year. There you go. Sumin Hong knows the story, the tile guy. Man, what a guy. Where did you get that? It was that, that's awesome. Yeah. So that's really cool. So I did give it out. Okay. I gave Alex Cohen's information out. Cool. So Alex Cohen, he'll say he'll have a pre-payment penalty that if you pay him faster than a year, he actually gets really angry. He'll call you and he'll say, what the hell? Why are you paying me? Right? Because what he's doing is he's giving a really low interest rate based on the fact that he's not going to have his money coming in and out and he's going to have dead money multiple times per year. Right? And you're going to sit there and go as a private money lender. I would say the average private money lender is between a year and three years. Okay. And the average private money lender is going to be anywhere between eight to maybe 12% on the high end. It's going to be interest only. All right. And they are in a lean position as an actual lender. And they actually create a promissory note and a deed of trust or if depending on the state you're in a mortgage. So they actually are a bank, okay, in that situation. So if they're creating a debt, right, the deed of trust or the mortgage and a promissory note, then they are acting as the bank. Okay. Yeah. A lot of justina says, what they do second position? To private money lenders, if not everyone that I've ever dealt with. Okay. Jason Romaine says, please cover when an MLO or an RMLO, we call it an RMLO. Most, if not all of my private money lenders, not only will go in second position, but I have a deal in fourth position in Decatur, Georgia. I have a sub two deal where I have a sub two, a seller finance and a seller finance note and then my private money lenders in fourth position. See Joe Egger says, I've done third before. So a lot of private money lenders will go into a lean position rather than a joint venture position, right? Joint venture means, hey, this is our deal together. We're doing this deal together. A private money lender saying, I'm just, I'm lending you money. I really don't care what you do. I just care that I get my money back. It's kind of a different level of expectation. Okay. How do you sell a second or third position? So justina McAfry, that's a great question. I'd love to get into that. So promise or you know, and a deed of trust, so you're actually acting as the bank. Now with a gator, I would say, Caitlin, raise your hand for me, please, and I'll get to that. I'd love to chat with you. Tina, same thing. Second position, first position, I'd be happy to chat with all of that. Okay. And I'd love to chat with you guys about hard money, private money. Make sure you guys understand this truly to a high, high level. Okay. It's very important to get us understand this is a hard money lender and private money lender synonymous. Absolutely not. Morgan Winters, please raise your hand. I want to make sure we handle that as well. So a gator is going to be, I kind of, I look at it in and out. And the way I envision a gator is very literally a gator, right? Gators the way they feed is they come out of the water very quickly and they come back into the water. They take, they take their pound of flesh and they then disappear. Okay. That's where I called it a gator for multiple reasons. One, you don't really know they're there, but gators are everywhere. I was in a private mastermind last night, gentleman named Mitch, a pomeroy, amazing guy. One of my students has 75 Airbnb's and he goes, man, you started talking about gator lending about seven or eight months ago. And I realized I've been doing that for like seven years here in my local market and making a killing on it. I just never had a name for it. It was like the fact that you branded it is unbelievable. I'm like, yeah, gators are everywhere, right? It's a business model that a lot of people don't know about. Nobody talks about it. They're like under the water. Okay. And when there's an opportunity, the gator comes out. Because a chunk of flesh and comes back in. So I would say if you are a gator, you should be into a deal less than six months. Okay. And you are not taking a percentage. Make sure that you guys understand this. This is not a percentage of interest because if you are, if it's a percentage of interest, you are no longer a joint venture partner. You are now a what? Steve, what if you're charging interest? What do you know at that point? Yeah, you're the bank, right? We don't want to be the bank, right? You want to be a partner, right? You want to be a joint venture partner on the deal so you can take a chunk of the deal. Okay. So I usually will say, like Carly Grunman has a deal right now. She's making a chunk of money on it. I think she's making somewhere around $15,000 on a gator deal right now. And the amount of time she's into that deal is 42 days, right? That's a great gator deal, right? Make 15 grand in 42 days. And when you ask what percent are you charging? She's like, I'm not. It's a joint venture. I'm getting a portion of the deal. Okay. You are not a lender. You are joint venturing. You are on the documents. The title company, the title company looks at you as a partner on the deal rather than a lender. Does that give you a little bit more clarity, Steve? Yeah, that helps a lot. Okay. Any specific questions about that before I move on to like positions and stuff like that? You know, I'm a little behind on the homework. I have to be honest pace, you know, drinking from the fire hose. And I'm, yeah, I have some other things going on. So like I need to do a lot more reviewing of what's up on on on Katani. Oh, Kajabi. Yeah. Kajabi. Yeah. Silly name. All the good names were taken when they, when they bought Kajabi, I think is what happened. So it's a good name. It's good name. I just have a bad memory. So, yeah, but it's a good question. I think it's a good review for it. It was helpful for other people as well. Besides Steve, everybody who got a little bit of clarity on that. Make sure Steve knows that that wasn't a waste of conversation. I know it wasn't otherwise. I wouldn't have picked on it. You got a lot. You probably had 50, 60 people that are like dang that that was helpful to clarify that. Okay. This is like putting out a pair of pants for me, just like maybe painting a house is for my dad or whatever. And so when you're learning something new, there's no need to apologize and it's okay to get to fall behind like we're not going anywhere, you know, take your time. Thanks for the thanks for the answer in the comments. I appreciate it. And sometimes reviewing things is important for some people to go, this is in the training. Guys, reviewing is really important. And here's another thing that's also very important is not falling, not letting your fellow tribe fall a bit, a fall behind, right? You want other people to come up with you. This is where people learn together. And I crowd source all of my information from other people. And so I want people to be alongside me. I don't want to be ahead of everybody else. And some people take pride in being ahead of everybody else. And that's not something I've ever taken pride in. I want to give information away to people so they can rise with me so that as I need something, they're alongside me, not 10 yards behind me. Right? It's okay to be behind, okay? Now, Caitlin, let's talk about this. So you had a question I believe about first, lean, second, lean position. Is that right? Yes, I did. Okay, ask that verbally because I saw it in the chat, but people watching this in the future won't know what your question is. No, that's okay. I was just wondering, you were talking about lean position. And if that meant automatically, does that mean if you're automatically in second or third or just to clarify a little of those words, I guess. Okay, cool. So think about a lean as something very literal as a lean. Okay, like a ladder leaning against a house causes a problem, right? So like, let's say I'm a painter and I want to paint a house and I walk up to a house and there's this big tall ladder tilted up against my house. It's leaned up against my house. Doesn't that hinder my ability to paint that house? Yes, because it's in the way. In the way, right? So the word lean in my mind, this is not how people teach it, but this is how I remember it. As I go, that house has a lean on it and it's going to cause a problem for me to do something with that house, right? So sometimes there's not just one lean, but two lean, three lean, four lean. So let's talk about what these leans could be, right? So most of the time, like 90% of the time, the leans that people are dealing with are their mortgage. Okay. So mortgage with Chase, Bank of America, Caitlin, do you have a mortgage on your house? Are you renter? What are you? Right now I just live with my family. Okay. No, okay. So you understand that people have a mortgage on their houses, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. So if they go by a house, right? And they have no debt on that house except they go to Chase and they go, hey, Chase, I need you to give me a loan on this property. Okay. Now, that loan is always leaned against the property like a ladder gets leaned against up against the property. They attach it to the property. Literally, they go to the county recorder's office. Okay. So if you go, what county are you in, Caitlin? Johnson County in Kansas City. Okay. Cool. So if you go to Johnson County recorder's office and you type in people's addresses, okay? You're going to see people have all these loans and leans against their properties that show Bank of America, Wells Fargo, all this kind of stuff. Okay. The mortgage, all these big banks will never want to be in any other position except for first lean position. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. Okay. They don't want another company being before them. Okay. Right. Because this means that if the person defaults on their payment, they'll get the house first because they're first. The number of the position of their lean. So first lean position, second lean position, third lean position also symbolizes the order in which those lenders get paid in the situation of a default. Okay. So I'll give you a really good example. So let's say we buy this house for $200,000, right? And I go, okay, I'm going to go get a mortgage with Chase at $200,000. Cool. Chase goes and gives me a first lean position or a deed of trust in my state. In your state, it could be a mortgage. Every state's called it. It's called different. But in any sense, sense of where it's alone, right? They give me a loan for $200,000. They're immediately going to put a lean up against that property to protect their interest, right? We already know this. Cool. Mm-hmm. So then what ends up happening is you're, okay, I want to go get a, I want to go get a private money lender, my uncle. Okay, I'm just going to call it my uncle. I've never borrowed money from my uncle, but that helps people understand because private money lenders. Okay, think about this guys. Write this down. This will help you understand the difference between a private money lender and a hard money lender. A hard money lender is a company that has an office location. Mm-hmm. A private money lender is your uncle. Figurative. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's helpful. Okay. I wish somebody taught me this when I started and in the way that I just taught you. Okay. Does that make sense? So right now, let's all take a moment and pull up, pull up Google, Caitlin, are you on your computer? What are you on? Yeah, I'm on my computer. Okay, so let's pull, I'm going to pull up Google right now. And I'm going to, I don't know why I was looking up golf clubs last time, but I guess I was looking up golf club. So I haven't even golfed in two years. I think I was sending Jamila a photo or something like that. So let's go to hard money lender Phoenix. Okay. You see all these companies that are just out here like crazy. In fact, if I click on the map, I'm going to find literally dozens and dozens of these lenders all over every single city. Okay. Oh, they're, they're not, we're not even showing you. One tenth of the hard money lenders on this map. I actually believe there's more hard money lenders in Arizona than there are Starbucks locations and I'm not exaggerating. Okay. I'm not exaggerating. It sounds like I'm exaggerating. I am not. Okay. Um, Sumin Hong says, are there interest rate differences between private money and hard money? Yes. Okay. A hard money lender, where do they get their money? They get your, their money. Pay attention to this. This is freaking great. Hard money lenders get their money from your uncle. They get money from private money lenders. Okay. Mind blown. Okay. So I'll give you an example. Okay. I would never give my money. There you go. Dustin says it's a loan wrap. So they're, they're borrowing the money. It's really a, it's a company, right? So they go, it's a company to go. All right. We're going to be, tastes hard money lenders. I own a hard money lending business. Okay. And the name of my hard money lending, lending business is called creative funding. And what I do is I use my own capital. Okay. I'm not really, I'm not, well, here, let me, let me make sure I keep this simple. Why would somebody give, why would your uncle give their money to a hard money lender instead of your uncle giving their money to you as a private money lender? Difference in appetite. Okay. So four years, there you go. Trust. Feel safer. It's great. Freaking great, great questions. Jamil Damjee, one of my best friends, probably my best friend, my best friend for sure. He doesn't want to be a private money lender, but he has a million dollars deposited with a hard money lender. Why? Because he gets 10% every single, not 10% every month, but 10% yearly and gets a payment every month. There you go. Pete Grange. I don't want the hassle. And more importantly, listen to this because this ties in the gator. You guys need to, the reason why this is so critical for you guys to understand the environment and the jungle is you need to understand why a gator is so powerful that they can come in and take chunks of deals. Okay. So hard money lenders won't, will not look at a deal unless it's at $50,000 or larger. They won't even look at a deal. Doesn't make sense for them. Does that provide an opportunity for you guys as a gator? Okay. So this is that little, that little part in the lending world. People need five grand, a thousand, five thousand, ten thousand, twenty five, fifty thousand dollars. A hard money lender will literally not even look at those deals. Why would they not do that? Here's why. They have an office. They have insurance. They have a cute girl at the front desk that makes sure that the customers keep coming back. They got other people on payroll. They got document fees. They've got a license. They've got ENO insurance, right? Errors and omission insurance. Does that make sense? Why they wouldn't go do alone anything smaller than $50,000? This is where it provides a major and massive opportunity for a gator to come in and go. That's a deal. Nobody would touch. Is this helping you guys not even understand that gator is even more powerful than you probably even thought? So let's say I'm a wholesaler. I'm an agent and I go, man, I just need five thousand dollars from a EMD. I need 50 grand real quick. That cannot be a hard money lender. A hard money lender. If they borrow, okay, let's do the mouth on this. If I go borrow money, I'm sorry, I deviated, but I hope this is really helpful for you guys. I think that this is really powerful and foundational for a lot of people. Honestly, this is nowhere on YouTube. I'm telling you right now, nobody's ever taught this at this level on YouTube. Nobody's ever used that analogy. I've never used that analogy of a hard money lender has an office and a private money lender is your uncle. I've never used that analogy until today. It took until I was today years old to come up with that little saying. So you guys got it live, okay? So now let's do some math, Caitlin. This is where hard money and private money really, really help. This is even, this is so good. I'm going to show you where a full flow of a gator, a hard money lender, and a private money lender all play on the same exact deal. Okay? So here's a seller. Follow me on this. All right. I've got a seller. Seller goes to a wholesaler. Right? Here's the wholesaler. They're talking to the seller directly. They do wholesalers by houses by the definition of their job, the title of their job. No, they literally assign and they wholesale a contract. That is their job. So in that contract, okay? For those of you guys that are behind on things, maybe Steve, okay? Let's pull up the gator contract. Are you guys okay with me doing this? This education, making sure we get the basics on this. I think a lot of people are really liking this. I'm liking this to be honest. This is fun. Yeah. It's really helpful. Thank you. Of course, my job. I can tell you right now, it's always the basics that are always helpful for people, making sure you're doing the basics. Okay? So here's a wholesale contract. This is the contract that I give out. I know I'm not sharing it yet. Just give me a second. I'm working on it. This contract, which I've given you guys, this is something I spent $3,000 on. A wholesaler goes and signs this contract with the seller. And what do they type in right here? Earnest money. Typical earnest money for a wholesaler is what? It is typically 1% of the purchase price of the house. Okay? So let's say that that person is going to buy this house for $3,000. Get this house under contract for $300,000. How much money is this going to have a requirement of earnest money on this deal? $3,000. $3,000. Will a hard money lender look at that? No, it's less than 50. All right. They will not have, I'm going to tell you right now. Literally never will a hard money, they will laugh at you. They'll be like, what? You need what? You need earnest money. Here's what they'll do. They'll say go find a private money lender. Do you think a private money lender wants to waste their time on a $3,000 loan that's going to make them what's the average private money lender charging, guys? 8 to 12%. 8 to 12%. Right? If you, I have private money lenders at 8% because I've been in business a long time, but you're right, Caitlin's probably about 10 to 12%. So let's do the math on that. If you loan somebody $3,000 as a private money lender at 12% interest and that hard, that wholesaler only needed that money for, let's say, 10 days. Let's do the math on that. Everybody pull out your calculators. I'll teach you guys how to come up with this. Okay? Okay. So on a yearly basis, this is what we do. We take the $3,000 and if they borrow that money for a whole year, 12% is $360, right? So take the $3,000, multiply it by 0.12. That is that number. It's $360. Okay. Great. Now, let's divide that by 12, which means what's my monthly payment on a $3,000 loan? What's that payment? 30. 30 dollars. Are you kidding me? Okay. Now let's say that as a private money lender, okay? As a private money lender, I only need to give that, I only need to have that earnest money out there on average for about three to 10 days. So let's take that $30 for the month and divide that by 0.3. What is the amount of money I will make by lending $3,000 for 10 days? $100. No, you'll make $10. In dollars? You'll make a little under 10 bucks, $9 in some sense. For lending $3 grand for 10 days. So does a private money lender get excited by giving somebody $3,000? You guys now see the opportunity that is so powerful in front of your face. So when you, when a wholesaler and you or an agent and you or even when you're working with a, even when you're working with a fixed and flipper and they go, hey, I need money temporarily for a short, short duration. You are never charging a percentage. You are not a lender. You are a joint venture partner. And so what I do is I go, so how much money are you making on your assignment, right? So let's go back to the diagram. Is this helpful? People like in this. Okay, so this wholesaler locks this deal up for $300,000 and he says, well, I'm going to assign this contract. The average assignment contract in the United States is about $19,000. Okay, a couple of years ago, it was 25, a couple of years before that was 12. It changes all the time. But right now it's $19,000. Okay, so this wholesaler is going to go find a fixed and flipper, right? Who's their customer? The wholesaler's customer is usually a fixed and flipper or a buy and holder, right? One of those two. I'm going to keep it long term or somebody's going to keep it short term. Okay, either way, it's going to be an investor. It's the actual buyer. It's the person who's going to buy the deal and invest in the deal. Okay, but the problem is this contract right here is void until it is consummated. So maybe you guys that are married know what consummated means. I got just you know to laugh at least got at least one person to laugh. Okay, so this contract is void until the EMD or earnest money deposit has actually been given to who? The title company. The title company or the closing attorney depending on the state you're in, right? So what happens is this seller is going to ask for can I get an EMD receipt? Can I make sure that you actually deposited that receipt? Now, if you're an agent, who are my agents in here type in an agent in the side chat. Okay, if you're an agent in here, do you think you would ever let somebody get your property under contract with you and your seller and not have earnest money within 24 hours at title? Isn't that part of your job to verify and get a receipt? Okay, you see, are you the non agents in here? You guys starting to see this? You are required by law as the whole seller to go put your EMD at title. The average whole seller, I'd say over 85% of wholesalers do not have a thousand dollars to their name. I'm very literal. They don't even have a thousand dollars. Okay. Okay. So, I own title companies, guys. We see these contracts all the time. This is what you see with wholesalers, okay? Wholesalers will call. And by the way, there are people that educate out there. There's a couple of guys in California that teach wholesalers to lie and what they do is they teach the wholesaler to call the title company. Okay. They say, call the title company, build a relationship and say, hey, I'm a budding and aspiring wholesaler. I'm trying to get my first deal. Can you please give me some leeway on my earnest money deposit? Which means that if the seller or the agent of that seller calls the title company and says, take, can I get a receipt? The title company then buys the wholesaler time. Does that sound legal to you guys? That is not legal. My title company will immediately blacklist a wholesaler that does that. Okay. Are we starting to see the power of earnest money and why it's so important to have earnest money? Okay. So consummated or consideration. Okay. Cool. So I get a house under contract for 300,000. What is going to be my average earnest money on that deal? One percent, right? The average earnest money on a wholesal contract is going to be 1% of the purchase. Okay. Okay. So the wholesaler, that's average. You're going to see some wholesalers. It's going to get worse. Wholesalers going to try and put a 100 bucks. Agents will not allow that and they'll squash it most of the time. What we see is 1 to 3%. Okay. But I'm saying I see a lot more 1%. Which is a great opportunity for you because again, this wholesaler needs to open up. He needs to open escrow legally, right? In order to assign a contract to this guy over here, doesn't he have to open escrow the title company and give EMD to even start that transaction? Yes. James Mossholder, can a title company be a gator? A title company is not going to be a gator because you guys need to understand the difference between title and escrow at some point. Maybe I'll give you guys that education today. But a title company is an insurance company, write that down. You guys need to know a title company is actually an insurance company. Okay. An escrow officer and a title officer are not the same thing. I will teach you guys the difference of that in a little bit. Okay. These are very important things you guys need to understand. And I hope this is like, I feel like if somebody taught me this stuff I'm teaching you right now, the difference between a gator and a private money lender, a hard money lender, etc., would game changer for me. Freaking absolute game changer. Okay. So this wholesaler, he stands to make how much money on this deal. How much money does this wholesaler stand to make? 19,000. There you go. 19,000. He's going to assign the contract, right? There's, so there's one contract, this we call this the A party. We call this the B party. Okay. This is the A to B contract. And the A to B contract is what I showed you earlier. The one I just pulled up. Okay. That's the A to B contract. Okay. I always write the word C on a contract. I'm sorry. That's very confusing when I'm talking about A to B. Okay. And then there is the B to C contract, right? It's between party B and party C is another contract. I'll call that and this is very confusing. I'm sorry. I'm using these stupid words. I'm sorry. Okay. I'll call this the PSA. What's a PSA stand for everybody? I'll call this the PSA stand for purchase and sale agreement or purchase contract. And then this one, I'm going to call this AS. Why? Because it's called an assignment. Okay. So I purchased the house here and I get the contract. And then the whole seller assigns that contract to the end buyer and adds the $19,000 on top of it. Okay. You guys understand the difference between now an A to B contract and a B to C contract? Everybody understand? Give me a yes, guys. Come on. Work with me here. Cool. So legally, can the whole seller assign this contract without his earnest money sitting at the title company? The answer is no, he cannot unless the title company or the escrow officer is playing games alongside the whole seller. It does not go does not last long. Okay. So this is where the opportunity for a gator comes in as a whole seller goes, I don't have $3,000. The overwhelming majority of wholesalers do not have $1,000 let alone three. Okay. All right. So I as the gator, I come in and I go, all right, hey, you need this, you need this EMD or you need to consummate this contract or you need consideration for this contract. You need to show that you are actually doing something with it. What was the ass acronym? Ass means assignment assignment. I'm assigning the contract. Okay. Assigning it. It's two different contracts. I can pull both of them up for you guys if you want. Okay. But purchase and sell agreement that's between the homeowner and the whole seller and the B to C contract says, hey, I have a contract. Basically the whole seller is going, hey, and buyer, I have a contract over here. I'm not going to tell you how much that contract is for. I'm just going to tell you what I want to sell the property to you for. And I want to sell the property for $319,000. So that's what they put on the assignment contract. They say, you will get all rights of my contract over here. Okay. Once you sign my purchase and sell my, once you sign my asset, I'm going to say, I'm going to sign my contract. You then get green lit on having this purchase and sell agreement as well. Okay. Is this making sense, everybody? Mm-hmm. Cool. So that whole seller sits there and says, well, I've got $19,000 to make. But I don't have $3,000. So a gator comes in there and says, I will pay that $3,000 for you. The average amount of time that a gator has to lend that $3,000 or not lend, sorry, but joint venture on that deal and have their $3,000 at risk is an average of three to 10 days. Okay. When somebody's wholesaling it. So if somebody's making $19,000 and you are the one that brought the capital to the table, by the way, did you know you cannot just go to a title company and swipe a credit card for $3,000? You can't use credit card for this. You have to come up with cash or a wire or cashier's check, etc. Okay. So that is another reason why being a gator is powerful is because I'm going to tell you something that most wholesalers don't know. They don't know about something called plastic, right? You guys know about plastic? Plastic is a website that allows you to swipe your credit card and have plastic send you a check. Okay. So if PCS, right, the majority of the money you has paid to be a gator actually goes to PCS, not to me, okay, because they are here to build your corporate credit. So if they go get you a corporate credit, okay, raise iPhone says, yes, I use it for my personal bills. Okay. You can get your credit card, your visa or whatever it is that you get from PCS when you're building a corporate credit and you can go to plastique.com and you can swipe your credit card essentially. Plastic. It's all sorts of things you guys are learning today, huh? Yeah. I didn't know about plastic. That's really cool. I got all the things that you guys don't know about. Okay. Let's pull it up. I'll give you a little screen share on this and I'm just warming up today too. Dang. I'm feeling confident. Lost my voice from talking so much yesterday and I'm like, this is great. Okay. So here is plastique. All right. So here we go. Plastic.com PLASTIQ pay almost anything with a card. Okay. So this is a very useful source. Please take note of this and make a comment in the discord channel for people that need help. Remember, we're all here to help each other out. Okay. So wholesalers don't know this. Okay. This gives you an amazing opportunity that when you guys build corporate credit with PCS, you can then go get cash off of a credit card and then fund somebody's EMD of $3,000. Does this make sense? Give me a yes or a thumbs up. I see Holly shaking her slightly. Alicia gives me a thumbs up. Thank you. I think I will get a response from just you know when I make a joke about consummation. But it's all good. I'm not offended by it. Okay. Cool. So plastic can do that. But here's the thing. What you don't know does hurt you. What you don't know does hurt you. Can we all agree? This is an interesting thing. I'll tell you a little story and hopefully you guys can resonate with this. My dog died today, right? So I'm remembering the first Instagram post I ever made 12 years ago was a photo of my dog cheese, my wife, who was my girlfriend at a time, her son Asher hanging out by the apartment pool of the apartment complex that I couldn't even afford. That was $1,200 a month. I remember when I went back and looked at that post, it was about 13 years ago. So I was like, I'd made a lot of money in my life. But in the midst of the 2008 crash, everything that I learned had become obsolete. Right? We've all been through iterations of this to some degree. Maybe your job changes or technology changes or whatever. So I'm not saying this for you to be sorry for me. I'm trying to put you in a mindset that I did not have the skills, the knowledge and the understanding that I have today. And I remember today, now I look back at that photo and I can remember as if it was a molasses cookie, I could remember the flavor of it. I could remember the sun hitting my chest, how I felt. I remember how my girlfriend looked in that bikini. I remember every single part of the feeling I felt when I posted that photo. Okay. And the only difference between the version of me then and the version of me now is literally what I know and the people I know. That is it. And so these little teeny nuggets of information have given me unbelievable, powerful situations that I can go and make money. 20, 30, 40, 50,000 dollars on a gator deal. And I'm looking at the wholesaler and I'm like, you literally don't know one thing that I know. And I just made 20 grand off your deal. What you don't know will hurt you. And so when you guys are sitting here saying, well, how do wholesalers not know this? Guys, wholesalers don't know their butt from a hole in the ground. Sorry. I also am a wholesaler. Okay. In the real estate world, wholesalers are the lowest form on the totem pole. Okay. They're the lowest form. That's the easiest point of entry. And so they're lack of education is an opportunity for you. Okay. We are leveraging people all day long. Okay. What is the difference between the guy who served me at Honeybake Tam today had Honeybake Tam with my family and me who makes millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars a year. What is the difference? It's not that I have a greater desire than him necessarily. It's that I had opportunities, education and relationships put in my path that he has not had put in his path at this point in his life. That's it. I have literally done nothing on my own. It's all been somebody else educating me, somebody else giving me the information, dragging me through it, motivating me, etc. and showing me the path. So all of this stuff that I'm giving you right now is leading you down a path to make way more money and have a higher level of understanding. And as a church going guy in our church, we have this thing called line upon line precept upon precept. My goal every day is like, how do I learn 10 new nuggets every day and his stacks on top? It's like a rubber band ball. It's like over time it just gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. So what you guys just learned are some powerful, unbelievable cornerstones of the real estate business. These are things that I would have died for. Okay. So you guys know about this title company thing? This is a great little story. I'll tell you guys a lot of people don't know this story and this will give you an understanding of how powerful this all really becomes. So why is my computer got to be slow today? I don't do this to me. Okay. So let's go to title alliance of Phoenix. Okay. Title alliance of Arizona. Okay. They're being stupid. We moved our location and stuff. But this is great. Hold us up. Okay. So I have title alliance of Phoenix right here. So there it is. Okay. Great. So check this out. This is the great. This is the freaking greatest thing. I love this story. This story means so much to me. It will mean a lot to you as well. So if you guys go back to my, if you guys go back to my Instagram, you literally go back to my first post I ever made on Instagram. I lived right here in this corner apartment right here. I parked right here and I had one of these garages and it was like $1,200 a month. The same apartment by the way is now like $2,400. So you think it's smart to own real estate? Yes. Definitely own real estate. Okay. So here's the corner. I would come out here on the phone and I would, I would walk around and chip my, a golf ball around here and I would walk over here and I would play catch with my son all the time. I would come out here and play catch with him. You just walk around across. We play catch. Okay. So the photo. Oh my gosh. If my wife was on in here, this Google image, this would have been amazing. These three beach chairs right here, I was sitting on and took my first Instagram photo ever. Literally go back and watch it. It's insane. Okay. My dog cheese who died today, she was chilling right here. Asher, my wife was laying out on the bikini. It was great. Okay. Okay. If men had their way, all their wives would just be wearing bikinis all day long, we'd get nothing done. Okay. So here's what ends up happening. I ain't lying. He's telling you the truth. Sorry. This is my zoom. So I get to do what I want. So my son, Asher and I are hanging out right here and I have a photo of this also on my Instagram. If you guys go and look at my Instagram, I'm standing right here. By the way, can you guys see my arrow? Okay. Cool. But my son standing right here and I throw the ball to him and he's just this cute little dude, super cute little guy. Remember, this is 12, 13 years ago and I'm so upset, right? Because of my lack of opportunity, my lack of information, my lack of everything. I was blaming a whole bunch of people on things in my life. It doesn't seem like me. It isn't necessarily me, but I was going through a really low probably six months of my life. Not a drinker, not a smoker, not a anything else. Just, you know, I was going through a mindset shift and now looking back in this moment, I had nobody that was a friend of mine that was making any money. I was literally like, I was just a bunch around a bunch of people and not making money. Okay. So I'm playing catch with my son right here and I remember throwing the ball to my son and him catching it and holding his hand up in the air. And I looked back in the buildings behind him and I was so pissed off at these, at these like people who own these buildings right here. Okay. There's all these like commercial buildings right here like Maxwell Morgan PC, Arizona allergy associates. I remember looking over here and looking at these buildings and I very specifically told myself I was like, if those people, those people's parents taught them to go to college, do this, get a good degree, go make 150 to $200,000 a year, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I was so pissed off and I was like, basically, one day I'm going to own one of those buildings. That's what I told myself. Okay. As I stood right here and I just, I don't know, I was so determined about it. Well, guess what? I own this building right here. I literally, one day, I don't even realize this. I turn this corner, right? I'm turning this corner right here and I come in to drop off a check off at my title company. Okay. Coming to drop a check off at the title company, I look at this grassy little area and I go, oh my gosh, that's where Ash when I used to play catch. And then I pull into my title company and go, oh my gosh. And I go back to my Instagram account. If you guys go back, you'll see this. And I have the photo. I remember as I had this whole thought about one day I'm going to own this building, I took a, I pulled my phone out, I took a photo. It's just so I could journal this. And I was like, one day I'm in a own a building and I ended up owning the building right in the freaking photo. The only difference between the guy standing in the grass and the guy driving and owning the title company is the information that I'm teaching you right now. That's it. I didn't have the information. I didn't even know what I didn't know what I didn't know. And we've all been there. And so these little nuggets and why I get so excited about teaching about first lean position and second lean position, you know, plastic dot com, which I've now known about for seven or eight years. The reason I love talking about is because I remember when I didn't have that basic little freaking nugget that will make you hundreds of thousands of dollars because you now know it. And why do I love teaching on a Sunday? And I got excited. And in the midst, I just got home. I flew in this morning at like 4 a.m. I could be with my wife and kids right now. And I was actually super freaking excited to hang out with you guys because I love teaching this stuff and seeing people do this way faster than I ever did because nobody was sitting here teaching me this stuff. So anyway, these things are very important. I hope you guys understand these little nuggets or what help you manifest and get to the next level. They might not be life altering life changing chunks of information. When you start stacking them up, you're like, holy crap, I'm empowered. Like think about how you've changed just on this zoom. A lot of you guys understanding truly why gate or so powerful. I think a lot of people actually came in here and go, wow, now that I understand what hard money lender is and I haven't even explained finally what a hard money and a private money lender is. But I've just kind of shown you what the wholesaler needs and why it's legal and not legal to not have earnest money. You guys have literally grown 10 some of you guys have doubled your knowledge and real estate in just the last hour and four minutes. And people that have been with me for two years, the way that I taught it today just got 4% better today. Some people that are really experienced are like, I already knew all this information, but damn, the way pace just laid that out. Now I can teach that to somebody else literally everybody in here got a lesson today. Okay, even the people that are super experienced goes, damn, I'm going to take note of all this. I'm going to go teach this to my local real estate meetup and I'm going to tell everybody that I came up with all these analogies. Go do that. You have my permission. Just don't talk about my wife and a bikini. Talk about your own wife and a bikini in your story. Okay. It's a proven fact. If you bring up a bikini, people will remember the story way better. I don't know how it's proven, but you know what I'm saying. Okay, so let's go back to this. So I could, let's say that I'm just starting out with PCS. It's just starting out with PCS. There's a lot of people in here that are starting out with PCS. You haven't gotten big lines of credit. Do you guys know what my line of credit is with PCS right now? I've got a half a million dollar line of credit and I've got another half a million dollar line of credit and I've got another $300,000 line of credit all with PCS. Okay. It will compound and compound and compound. Some of you guys will get a line of credit for like $3,000. It'll be a credit card. So even if we get a credit card from PCS, can we use plastic to go and fund a gator transaction? Yes or no. Okay. Very cool. So plastic was very helpful, right? We understand. So you'll get a lot of people that go, I haven't gotten a line of credit yet from PCS. I've only gotten a credit card. It's like that literally can be used as the same thing. Just go to plastic.com. Okay. Now, in the last couple of years, there's been some other companies that have come about. I've just become comfortable. I use plastic and it makes it really easy. Okay. By the way, people that say I bought a house with a credit card, that's how they've done it. They go to plastic, swipe a card, pay a fee, get the thing. So here's what ends up happening in this situation. I as the gator will fund the $3,000. I do my paperwork, right? Remember, we've done multiple paperwork zooms. I have a very, very cool bonus for you guys. Do not let me end this Zoom tonight without giving you as this really cool bonus. Hold me accountable to it. Somebody's jaw will drop at least one person, maybe 383 people. Okay. So you will now be able to fund that $3,000. But remember, go do your paperwork and go watch the paperwork zooms. Make sure that you understand the paperwork. And if you are having a challenge the paperwork, remind yourself, it's because you have not watched the zooms a couple of times because we have done the training. Okay. We have done the training. So go do your paperwork properly, but you now can go to this wholesaler who is in a situation. Okay. Any wholesalers in here want to tell us in the sidetrack how stressful it is to have a deal under contract, but not have the earnest money? How many of you wholesalers in here feel the need to give us that in the sidetrack, please? Okay. It is when you're a brand new wholesaler less than six months, you are like sweating bullets. You don't know what to do. You're just like so stressed out about it. Okay. So this person is about to make $19,000 if their transaction gets done. You come along with $3,000. What do you think is an appropriate amount of money to charge for that because the hard money lender didn't even a hard money lender. Did they say no? We actually, they didn't even look at it to say no. That's how uninterested a hard money lender is. Will and Trish just so you guys know if you are asking the question of where is the paperwork, that means you are behind on the training that we did. Okay. We did, I believe, five or six trainings on all this stuff. Okay. Please guys, if you ask a question about paperwork, it means you have not been going through Kajabi and finding it. Does everybody agree that the paperwork is in Kajabi and we've had the trainings in Kajabi? Okay. It's all there. Thank you, Carly. Carly says, mod five of the training is in the paperwork, I believe. Okay. I personally, guys, I'm a little bit more aggressive than you guys. Okay. I don't know why you guys are undercutting yourselves, but as the gator on this deal, you know what I would ask for? I would probably ask for half. Half is in like 1500 or half a half a... Oh hell no. Hell no. Are you kidding me? 1500, kiss my ass. Now if I was the guy in the grassy area throwing the baseball, I'd be like, give me 1500 all day long, but the problem is your mindset, right? And your current situation and what you believe your value is, this is why this zoom is so important is because you need to understand your value. There's literally no other resource on the planet to solve this problem for them, other than a gator. This is why this creation of this brand that I've done is insane. There is no other solution, no private money lender, no bank, no, no hard money lender is going to give them 3000, 5000, 7000, not worth their time. It is not worth their time. We've already done the math. I've already shown you this. Any private money lenders that are willing to put up $3,000 for your 12% interest rate in here? And who are my private money lenders in here? Justine McAfry says, how do we know what their assignment fee is? Okay, well, when we go JV with them, we get a copy of their contract and we know what they're assigning the deal for. We know all that stuff because we've become their joint venture partner on the transaction. So we see everything, right? We see the seller, we see the purchase contract. We have a conversation with a title company. I think that's in training four or maybe training five, I walk through all the things you need to do. Okay, so Derek, he's a private money lender. He is a private, he's not my private money lender, but he is a private money lender. I wouldn't touch it. There's no way I would touch it. Okay. So I would come into the deal and I would say no problem. Let's do 50, 50, I'll be your joint venture partner. And I would say it's so nonchalantly like that's what happens on every day of the week. Hey, no problem. I'll do 50, 50 with you. I think of 50, 50. Yeah, you usually I do 70, 30, 70 to me, 30% to you because most sellers don't have a solution to this problem, but I'll give you 50, 50. Everything is the way you deliver it. Everything's the way you deliver. Right. It's the difference between I hope you're having a nice day versus I hope you're having a freaking nice day. Right. Everything's about how you deliver it. You say, yeah, I'll do that for 50, 50. I usually do 70, 30, 70, me, 30 you with my other transactions. Guys, I'm going to tell you something. It's okay for you to leverage the rest of the group for your credibility. It's okay for you to leverage me for your credibility. If you've never done a gator deal before, just say me and my partners typically do 70, 30, 70 to us, 30 to you. Say, say I'm your partner. There's major credibility in that. And then that we, for you people that don't like having white lies, anybody in here that are opposed to white lies? Don't lie, just you know, ironically she's giving us a white lie right now. Okay, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Okay. So use other people as leverage if you're opposed to that. So for me, I would say no problem. I'll do it for 50, 50 worst case scenario. They can say no, and they go, dude, I can't. I need this, this and this. I had a gator on one of my zooms last week or not a gator, but I gator loan for this guy named Tim frequently probably twice a month. This is great. This is one of my favorite things ever is that the guy that I gator, who was there, F, you were there. It was on last week's newbie zoom for sub two and I talked to Tim. Okay. And Tim's in there and he's like, yeah, I do a couple deals of pace. I've literally never talked to the guy. I've literally only texted him and then Molly talks. Okay. So he comes in and he's like, yeah, I go, how many deals have we done? He tells, says the thing and I'm like, dude, I make like 15, 20 grand off of this kid every single month. You would think he would pay for the gator training and just become a gator and like be smart about his money or build corporate credit to just do this himself. Absolutely freaking not. That is not what goes on in this world. People do not try and get financially educated at all. That is the greatest thing. I am so grateful for wholesalers. I am so grateful for that. Thank you guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So yeah, Alicia says when I got the contract, it stated 1.9 million but wholesalers said 2.1 million. So I was able to see the assignment fee of 125,000. So the assignment getting, it's so important to see the contract. Okay. So for me, I would shoot for 50% of that deal. Now if the wholesalers says no, I'd say, okay, no problem. My minimum is this and I would put out, I would put out a minimum. Okay. Now, let's get into now what happens, right? So let's talk about a private money lender and hard money lender. So remember, the wholesaler has a contract, right? It's the A to B contract and the wholesaler then goes to the fixin flipper and they sign a new contract that's called the B to C contract, right? We understand this. So how does a fixin flipper buy and fund that $319,000? With hard money and private money. The gator has already made their money, right? The gator's in there, the wholesalers already made their money. How does the buyer fund the $319, the way they do it is they go to a hard money lender and a hard money lender typically will give a $70,30 loan. What does that mean? It means they will give $70% of the purchase price as a loan if the buyer brings in a $30% down payment. Okay. So this is how, and I do this on every one of my fixin flips. I do this in every fixin flip, every wholesaler, I'm sorry, every fixin flip, I know does the same exact thing. Okay. So do you just get a private money lender for the remaining 30%? There you go. You've just figured out what I wish I knew. That's what kept me from flipping houses right there was exactly that situation. There you go. Juan Gator says February 16th, 2013, the day he said I will own that building. Yeah, that's cool. All right. Cool. So this, where do I go? Right? Where do I go for a private money lender? Said your uncle. Now yes, you go to my uncle or if you are a sub two student, it is the easiest thing on the planet to raise capital is a sub two student who in here has raised capital inside of sub two. I will we have obviously a lot of sub two students in here. So like I get a tax message every single day from sub two students got a tax message from Christian Hernandez today out of California. Christian Hernandez like this is what's crazy about the sub two community. I post that I need private money. I jump on a plane. I land and by the time I land, I've raised $2 million. So be part of a community of people that have a high net worth and you will find people that you get to know. Right? In sub two, we have 21 support calls a week. So do you think our 21 support calls allow people to get to know each other, build trust, et cetera? Okay. So that's a great place. So like reas, but to keep it very simple, most people, their first private money lender is always going to be their uncle or an iteration of version of their uncle like a cousin, a brother, a coworker, et cetera. Okay. So a private money lender comes in and here's how here's how it breaks down. Okay. So for the $319,000, pay attention to this. This is very important for you guys to understand this as a hard money lender. I the buyer, I'm not really buying that property for 319. Okay. So let's figure out what am I actually buying this property for? I hope this is helpful for you guys because this will give you guys so much knowledge about how this actually works. If I have a property under contract with a wholesaler, okay. Am I really buying this for $319,000? No. I'm not. And here's why I'm actually buying it for a significant amount more. I would say the average closing costs are going to be over $5,000. So they're going to pay closing costs on top of that to the title company. Does that make sense? So really they're going to be buying a cash buyer is going to buy this property for minimum $324,000. All right. So now what's 70% of that $324,000? Let's figure that out. $324 times .7. What's that number? $226,800. Okay. So I'm going to go to my hard money lender, right? For how much? $226,800. Okay. Cool. And where does that money go? All right, everybody. I think that can you hear me? Okay. I'm back. I'm back, guys. I'm sorry. Thank you. You scared me. I'm scared. Switch the host back to me. My computer's being funky. We'll just hang on, hang on because I didn't know. Hold on. Sorry, guys. I got to restart my computer here in a second. So all right. Boom. There you go. All right. So $226,800. So Caitlin, where does that $226,800 actually get sent? Right? The hard money lender says, yeah, there you go. Always money, always, always, 100% of the time, write this down. Never, ever, ever will I ever send money to an individual in a gator transaction? A hard money lender won't do it. Okay. Never send money to an individual. Always goes to title. Okay. Now, if I'm buying the property for $324,000, my hard money lender, which is a institution, their license, this is what they do. They fund transactions, not basing the deal off your credit. They just look at the deal. Okay. How much money am I short to buy this property if I'm a fixed inflipper? Let's do the math, Caitlin. I got you on spotlight. I'm putting, you got to be working this, doing this work. 324,000. Okay. People are kicking your butt on these numbers. $97,200. Okay. So $97,200. So how much money does a fixed inflipper need to raise from their uncle to get this deal done? $97,200. Nope. You are wrong. Do you want to know why you're wrong? Because of the close by 1000 closing costs. You have to add that. I got that in there. That's part of the 324. Why is it? There you go. Justina has got it. She obviously has done a project before or represented a buyer or a seller. How in the hell am I going to rehab this property and pay for all my utilities, my hard money payments along the way? Right. We're buying a property for 324, but that doesn't include renovations. That doesn't include payments to the hard money lender. That doesn't include interest. That doesn't include utilities, landscape maintenance and Arizona. We got scorpion maintenance every single month. No joke. Right. So where does that money come from, Caitlin? It's going to come from another private money lender or a gator. Same private money lender. You go to the private money lender for the down payment plus the miscellaneous costs. Okay. Does that make sense? So the private money lender, we also call this private money lender. They call it a gap lender. Why do we call that private money lender a gap lender? Think about this. They are filling in a gap. Because the hard money lender will only low and 70%. Right. So if I'm standing there, here I am and I'm like, all right, I got to cross this ravine to get to this other side. And there's this big fat juicy check of $100,000 over here. The only way I'm going to get over there is if I get a loan to get over there and the hard money lender says, I'm only going to give you 70% of that bridge. Well guess what I got? I got a major gap. Well, that's where my uncle comes over here and my uncle bridges that gap. And that's why he's called a bridge lender or a gap lender. Very literal. We call these people bridge lenders, gap lenders, etc. They're lending the gap. Does that make sense, everybody? So this is the hard money lender and this is the private money lender. Okay. Who is in first position and who is in second position? The hard money lender is in first position and then the private money lender would have to be in second. There you go. First and second position. Now let's say hypothetically, Alicia, I'm going to answer, ask this question to you. I want to put this stress on you. Let's say that I come up short, I tell my hard money lender, I'm sorry, I tell my private money lender, I go, hey, I need $50,000 from miscellaneous costs. And so they give me a total of whatever that number is combined. That's my down payment. That's my miscellaneous cost, my renovation, etc. And let's say I go over a budget by $25,000 and I don't want to go back to my first uncle. So I decide I'm going to go to my second uncle for another $25,000. Can I, number one, can I do this? And number two, what position does that person go into? Oh, she's, she's, she's, she's muted here. I'll unmute you. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. So that person will be third position. Yep. And then so can we legally do that? Yes. Yes, we can. Yes. Great answer. Okay. So that person would be in third position going through title two and going through title. Okay. So let's add up the money real fast because I want you guys are you guys starting to understand first lean second position, third position, all that kind of stuff. Tina says how many positions can you create? That's a, you're teaming me up for a really funny joke, but I'm going to just tell you, you can have as many positions as you'd like. Oh, terrible. I'm sorry. Okay. So you can have a first lean position that's going to be always the hard money lender. You will never see a hard money lender in second lean position. Why is that? It's because they're the people that they're going to the private money lenders are relying on them to make safe and sound judgments. That money they're giving you is not their money. Makes sense? Now, my uncle, the private money lender and the third, my other uncle, the private money lender, they're okay with being in second lean position and third position because of this. Pay attention to this. Pay attention to this. This is very important. This hard money lender is going to charge me a one to two percent funding fee. This is where they make their money. Okay. One to two percent of the total loan. That's how they make their money. That's a two percent spread of interest off this person's money. So this person gives them 10 percent interest. They go, hey, I'll give you my money for 10 percent. The hard money lender then goes, all right, well, I'm going to add two percent to that. So I'll charge. What was the money that they're funding? What are they funding? They're funding 226. Okay. So here's what the hard money lender does. They get the 226,000 from the private money lender. EML. This is what Jamil does. Jamil literally goes, I don't want to deal with this. I'm just going to let you have my 226,000 all the time. Don't ever give it back to me. Just have it always working, always. So they take Jamil's 226,000. They charge you one to two percent right up front. So two percent of that's like 5,000 bucks. It's a funding fee, it's a finance fee. Boom. Okay. Make sense? So that's how they're making money. Because how a hard money lender makes money. They're like, hell yeah, it's made 5,000 bucks. Okay. Points. We call this points. Then they also charge 12 percent interest. Even though this private money lender is only charging them 10 percent interest. So they're making basically a 2 percent interest spread. Yes, the payment to a hard money lender and the payment to a private money lender is always interest only. Okay, we call this simple interest. The simple interest loan, interest only. Okay. Making sense, everybody. Do we understand now what a hard money lender does for a living? And why there's so many of them? Okay. And what have they figured out that you have not figured out? Hard money lenders have figured out how to raise money. One of the most important tools you'll ever have in your life. And you'll get to that point at some point in the future. It's actually the fourth strategy I teach and gator. We've taught the first category of teaching gator. We're about to start teaching number two with double S-scros. And then I've got the third strategy that I'll release in about six months. And the fourth strategy requires raising capital. That will be released in about a year, maybe a year and three months. Are you guys in for a wild ride and gator are freaking what? I'm telling you the Cody and them, Cody and Eddie, the guys that sell this course, they should have charged you guys $10,000. Easy. Will somebody please email them and tell them to charge you guys more money? Cody and Eddie. Okay. So here we go. So why though? Why would a private money lender, why would a private money lender give them 10% instead of just going to you where maybe your uncle is charging you 12% here and your other uncle might even be charging you 14% here? Why wouldn't that private money lender just go become a private money lender directly to you? Caitlin, you seem mature. Maybe because they don't want to deal with the hassle. Like they don't have to find, they don't have to deal with, like you said, Jamil doesn't like to talk to people. He just wants it to be done without him having to worry about it. Yes, I love this. I love all, I love all the answers. Okay. I love all the answers, but there's one you're missing that's critical that you need to know. It's critical. No, kind of. No, I mean, these are all good, but it's not the one I'm looking for. The number one reason why is because they don't have relationships with freaking wholesalers and fixin flippers to lend the money to the private money lenders don't know how to find them. There's no bridge between those people. A hard money lender has a website and a license to lend money. They're easily findable, searchable on public record. They have the advantage. They actually have a public persona that you can Google right now. You're not going to ever be able to Google a private money lender on the internet. That's not how it works. And a private money lenders not going to be able to go to like, they're not going to want to do ever do the work. Look at this girl. She's always she always just chilling. Are you doing? How are you doing? Came down and hang out with your dad. Want to watch the show? Does mom know you're down here? Oh, really? You're just a little troublemaker today? You did such a good job at church. You crushed it. Okay. Okay. So are we understanding the dynamics of the private money lenders and the heart? I've literally never taught it to this level. I've never taught the no, a private money lender does not ever need any sort of license to lend out their own money. This is so I don't know why I've never taught this. I've never taught this to anybody, the dynamic of all these individuals. So like Jamil will give his money to a company called cap fund one. That's a company that is a hard money lender. Okay. Cap fund one. Great. Great people. Horrible company name. Like what? Cap fund one. Come up with something cool. Like cool people lending.com or whatever. So justina can we advertise ourselves as private money lenders legally? If you are trying to be a gator, do not ever consider yourself a lender. Okay. So justina, can I unmute you for a little bit? You promised to stop being inappropriate today? I'm not being inappropriate here. Just I'm just kidding. No, no, no, but one of the things I want to mention to you, pace, it's nice to see that you have hair. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I do have hair. Who knew? Who knew you? Where I have? Not many people know that. Okay. So justina, you have a great question and I really, really like this question. Can I market myself as a private money lender? Yes, if you are trying to be a private money lender, but if you're trying to do a $3,000, $5,000, $15,000 gator deal where you like double your money and you are marketing yourself as a private money lender, you are now entering into user law because you are charging a significant interest rate that is illegal. Does that make sense? So that's why with gator, you go, I'm your JV partner and I'm getting a portion of the deal. If you want a private money lender, you have to have an interest rate and you have to create a note and a deed of trust and you have to actually be a lender in that situation. Okay. Okay. I have a further question, but I don't know what you've had. You've had some of the best questions in the whole chat today, so that's why I brought you up here. I guess I got a little confused. I'm working on a deal that's a six-plex unit here in Palm Beach, Florida. I was able to get them to agree to the terms of seller finance, but instead I went to, I guess I was confused because after this, now I'm not going to do this. I went to my investor.myinvestorloan.com and that's an HML and I should be going to the PML instead of an HML because they want to be in first position. So they're trying to give me more money than I need so they can retract the, you get it. I don't really quite understand what they're saying to me, but I just thought I'd tell you what they're trying to do and I don't know whether I should be moving in this direction with that group or not. Okay. So you have a seller on a six-plex willing to sell their finance to you. There you go. Well, I need the down payment. The seller wants a down payment. Yes. Yes. Okay. So the only time, so I have a very little bit of information about this on my YouTube channel. It's like just surface level. It's called the Morby method. What you're essentially, what you're doing with the seller is called seller finance. What you're physically doing is called the Morby method. Okay. Okay. So what is the Morby method? Let's say that I have a seller on a $10 million asset and the seller says, I need 5% down and I'll sell our finance the other 95% to you. This is very common for me. Okay. I don't need, I don't need to go to a lending company for that 5%. I go to, I create, I bring a partner on a financial partner, right? There's people in here that I borrow a million dollars from literally in this chat. There's a lot of multi-millionaires in this chat and I go to them and say, hey, who wants to meet my partner on this? I bring the deal, you bring the money, we're partners on the deal. That way you guys both, both on the asset and you brought equal things to the table. Okay. That's one way to do it. The other way to do it is you go find private money lenders and go, hey, who wants to give me money for two years at this interest rate so I can cover my down payment? So yes. So you would do a private money loan in that situation because it's such a small down payment. If it's a significant down payment like 30%, 40%, 50%, then I do what is called a more B method where I don't go to a private money lender for that money. I actually go to my investor loan or I go to Marcus and Milachap. Okay. My investor loan is typically single family up to six units. Marcus and Milachap won't look at anything unless it's a million dollar loan or above. They're much larger commercial lender. And what am I doing in that situation is I'm actually going to them and I'm saying give me a 50% loan and I will then have the seller, seller carry back the other 50%. That is called the more B method. You guys can go watch that on my YouTube channel. I have like for all the sub two students, you have all the paperwork, you have all the stuff over in the sub two community. And we teach it every Saturday, every Wednesday. We teach like how to do the paperwork on these kind of things. But if you guys are not a sub two student, go to my YouTube channel. You can learn like surface level of what a more B method is. But what you're describing is just a seller finance situation, Justina, you need to get a private money lender to come in and bring the money to the table, either a partner with them or be offer them a loan term. Now, somebody asked me a question. Okay. So Adam, Adam says, more B method is amazing. My parents just got a free house in Gatlinburg. Every method is something I created about seven years ago. Nobody was doing it. And it's an unbelievable, crazy good strategy, but I don't teach that in Gator. So because I could literally do a whole entire world just on Gator. So there was a question in here. Somebody says, how much money should I charge as a private money lender? Okay. And I use this analogy a couple of trainings ago. Okay. I won't use this again because people think I make too many jokes. So I'll be serious about this. Be very literate. I won't tell any analogies. You guys want to criticize my analogies. Here's the answer. If I'm talking to a wholesaler and they go, well, what's your interest rate? I'm going to go, well, what have you been paying to other lenders? And they have a slight hesitation in their voice or even smaller, 14%. They've never borrowed money from anybody. They don't have any hard money lenders. They don't have resources. So I'm going to say I'm 16%. I'm the private money lender. It's my money. I can charge any amount of money possible. If you come to me and you want to be my private money lender, you better be a like 8%. I got a lot of people and a lot of resources. I do not need your 12% money. That is the answer. Make sense? You are the private, you, it's your business. You have to learn how to negotiate and read people's human nature, right? If you guys want to learn a little bit about human nature, really great audiobook is David Greens. Is it David Green? He was at the laws of human nature, great book. Forty laws of human nature. Yes, private money lenders are subject to usury. Any time you create a loan, you are subject to to usury. Every state has a different usury law. Yeah, Robert Green, thank you guys, Robert Green. So every state has a different usury law. Look up your individual state. You guys have to look that up. Okay. Okay, so you make that determination. Yeah, that is your job to make that determination. We have lenders here in Arizona. Who's in Arizona, by the way? If you're in Arizona, one of my favorite lenders is Frank West Capital. Frank West Capital will fund at 100% purchase at 18% interest. It's their own money. Okay, they're awesome. So you guys just have to learn how to negotiate and talk to people. That's the ultimate answer. So Caitlin and Justina, before I move on on this, do you have any specific questions about what I've covered so far? No, I'm okay. I'm okay. Are we truly understanding the power and the opportunity for a gator in this real estate environment? Yes, absolutely. Okay, cool. That's amazing. Thank you so much. This is so helpful. Yes. Shoot. It's helpful for me too. Thank you. Okay. So in this situation, let's say I borrow all this money and I'm the fixin flipper and I got a first lean position. I got a second lean position. I got a third lean position. And then all of a sudden, the interest rates in the market go from 4% to 8% from January to December, which is what's happening right now. Who is at most risk of getting their butts kicked in this transaction? Person in third. Person in third and in second. Okay. So I'll tell you a couple of things. Attention to this because this is going to continue to happen. Why is being a gator preferred over being a private money lender? Because as a private money lender, I'm in a deal much longer and the longer I'm exposed on a deal, I'm exposed to the elements of the Fed, the government, whatever. We've talked about this a lot. Who's a Trump supporter? You're wrong. Who's a Biden supporter? You're wrong. You're all wrong. Every single government official hates you. They hate me. They don't care about you. They're all hanging out behind closed doors, laughing at all of us going, wow, man, they really believe there's a difference between a Democrat and a Republican. This is amazing. Let's keep their attention over here. A whole entire thing is a manipulation of all of us little ponds or all ponds in their game. Okay. Yeah, I like that. Harold says, I'm a me supporter, baby. I'm a me support. I'm an entrepreneur supporter. I'm a my family. I'm a my community supporter and I'm going to watch out for my community first and foremost. And I'm going to do things the right way. I'm going to let people live their lives the way they want to live their lives as long as it does not affect me in a harmful way. Right? So the problem is when you're a private money lender, you are pushing your chips further into the table and you're gambling at a deeper level because now you're susceptible to other hands coming and grabbing that. If you are pay attention to this, I wish I could like I wish I could put this in a micro chip and put this in everybody's brain. The most risky private money loan you will ever do is on a fix and flip property in second, third or fourth position. The least risky private money loan you will do is on a buy and hold on a property of the cash flows. Because who cares what the market does? Who cares whether the equity goes up or down left or right, you're going to continue to get your payments, right? So that is something that is very important for you to understand. I could teach you guys private money lending. I've taught you a lot. I've taught you a lot of private money lending today on a surface level. Okay. I've taught you surface level private lending. If you guys want me to bring in my attorney and we do a whole bonus series like maybe two or three zooms on private money lending, I will do that for you as a bonus as long as you understand it's a bonus. It's not a requirement. If I decide to take a month off of teaching it, you go gosh dang it. At least he gave us a couple of zooms. And when he comes back, he comes back. It's awesome. Okay. I like this. Sean says, this is gold. Gold is spewing from your mouth. I love it. So this is why being a private money lender is, in my opinion, way more risky than just being a gator. And why is that Caitlin? Why is being a gator way less risky on a transaction than a private money lender? Because you're in it for such a less amount of time. And therefore the market can't change on you like it could for a private money lender. Yes. And a couple of other things. You are a joint venture partner on the deal. You actually have a, you guys know when you first start driving, right, there's a student driver and then the guy sitting next to you also has a steering wheel, his own brake and his own gas pedal. That's the gator. The gator has the secondary steering wheel, the gas and the pedal. They go, this isn't going well. I can jump in and actually do something about it. Write this down. You have power over the transaction. You do have power over the transaction, especially the way I wrote the contracts. Guys, we have now to date spent close to $17,000 on the contracts you've already received and some of the future contracts you will receive over the next couple of weeks, $17,000. And you will all have those contracts. And then in, in release of three, four, five, you guys will receive more and more and more expensive contracts that you will all use. It's amazing. But here's the thing, if you're a private money lender, you have no control on the deal, except one thing. The only control you have as a private money lender is your ability to foreclose and take them to court if they fail to pay you. If you are a gator, you can see the writing on the wall before anything ever goes on and go, I'm a partner on this deal. Get out of my freaking way. I'm going to jump in and I'm going to handle this situation. Okay. That makes so much sense. I never got that until you just said that. Okay. So this is why I'm not teaching you. I don't have a private money lending course. I will give you guys private money lending modules. But if I were you guys, I would spend, yes, that is correct. Jason Romaine is correct. Any lean position can foreclose. In fact, I used to be a contractor for a long time. I would foreclose a mechanics lean on a fourth lean position and I would force all of those other lean positions. If I'm in fourth position and I fire file foreclosure, it forces everybody to file foreclosure. I'm the last one that gets paid. So it's not ideal. Okay. Let me show you guys something about the chat. For some of you guys new new Zoobies. Zoomies. Yeah. There's three little dots next to the smiley face avatar little thing. Okay. All right. So we understand first lean position, second lean position, third lean position, all of these types of things. Does everybody understand? I know there's some people that showed up late. So the people that showed up late, please do not answer this question. But the people that showed up on time, did you just get a master class? I challenge you to find that anywhere on YouTube. He's got a master class. You better take a screenshot of this and put on Instagram and go, I just got a freaking master class. Okay. So amazing. Thank you. Now, we understand why Gator is so bad ass. Okay. Now, Gator is not just for real estate. Gator's for all sorts of things. You guys can go, you guys can get into all sorts of things. You guys can go to manufacturing companies that need $5,000 for two days. You guys can go to people that go, I have this clog in my manufacturing line or I have a invoice that it hasn't been paid and I don't get paid for a week, but I need that money right now to pay my payroll. You could literally go out and be a Gator on way more transactions than just real estate. Why is real estate ideal? Caitlin, I got you on the screen. Yes, because it's tied to an actual asset. It's tied to, so therefore it's safer because it's tied to an actual house or something that can make somebody money if it defaults. Yes. Now, I'm going to teach you guys something I was not planning on ever teaching you. I'm ready to write something now that's very cool. Very useful. Here's what I'm going to do. Yeah, this is a bonus. I'm going to do a whole zoom on this with Sean St. Clair, my attorney and I'll spend $750 an hour and a half of his time for you guys. If you are lending money to somebody as a business, you can file a lien against their business. It's called a UCC-1. What it does is it ties up all their assets and it prevents them from going out and going and getting other loans. It prevents them from selling other assets, doing refinances, doing anything inside of that LLC. You can file a UCC-1 on their LLC. Where do you file the UCC-1? Well, blue, I'm not going to tell you that. I'm going to give you that in a bonus on a separate training. You know why I have to do that as a separate training is because people are going to need to see it inside a gator and they're going to need to see, oh, this is a bonus module about this one specific topic. I now need to go in there and specifically go through this for two hours. My gosh, this is the only thing they talked about. You can literally file a UCC-1 the day you give them a loan. There you go. My case says solar leans are UCC-1. Okay. At what point do you file this when they don't pay or when they create when you create the loan, the second the loan is created, you file a UCC-1. Love it, love it, love it. Gatoring on a business. I want to learn all of this right now. So if you guys remember how did I create gator lending for some of the you guys that skipped the YouTube content because you're like, oh, that's free content. Oh my god. It's free. Can't. I'm not going to watch your free content because I paid to money for the for those knuckleheads of you change your company, change your company name to knucklehead LLC. Okay. Because you are a freaking knuckle. Knucklehead. There you go. Ruben Dominguez is payroll. It was a painter literally 12 13 14 years ago. I get a call from Ruben Dominguez and Ruben Dominguez says to me, I need $6,000. I basically doubled that money in a three day period and I still to this day, Ruben Dominguez borrows money from me. Okay. Lending on his payroll. Okay. Now, there are companies out there called factoring companies. I want you guys to write this down. I'll even bring a factoring company in here for you. Factoring companies will never lend that small amount of money. They'll never lend 6,000 10,000 for the same reason a hard money lender a private money lender will never lend that small amount of money. Okay. So there's companies out there called factoring companies. But again, they start their minimum invoices at like 25 grand, 100 grand. They're usually working with bigger companies. Okay. If you guys want, I'll show you guys how to do factoring with other companies. Again, it has to be a major bonus. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So B H guys, I really wish you would take the time and make sure your zoom name is your actual name. So I don't have to call you iPhone when I meet you in person. Okay. B H. I don't know what your name is. I wish I did. But you said, hold on. Sorry. My zoom is being a knock ahead. Is there a legal action? Do you need something from me? I just came to say, I, okay. My wife's all sad today, guys. She lost her dog. Tell her, tell her she's, she's leaving. I just made her sad typical man, typical man. Okay. When creating a DBA, shouldn't be under the parent or another entity, I'll bring in PCS. We can talk about DBAs. I don't use, I don't really use DBAs. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So anybody that has a question about your LLC or a DBA, just go out, go to PCS. You guys, you know, like $2,000 in the money you guys paid for this thing went to PCS. Like guys use PCS as a resource. Okay. Make sure you are leveraging the heck out of PCS. Okay. Um, I don't know. My, my computer is really slow. So what happens is I see a comment and I need to restart my computer. I've got something going on with my computer. Okay. All right. So I will answer maybe one more question tonight. This turned, this turned into a whole entire master class on this exact topic. So now guys, somebody in the Gator chat, somebody in the Gator Discord goes, what's the difference between a first lane and a second lane, a third lane and what, what's the difference with the private money and lender and a hard money lender? Where do we see send them? To this zoom. Is there any possible? This is the hardest thing about what I do. It's a great zoom. The hardest thing I do is that I do crazy amazing zooms that are insane and then people go, why don't we ever cover the difference between a hard money lender and a private money lender? Oh, my gosh. I, you guys don't know it, but inside internally, I die every time I see one of those questions. You, I, on my face, I'm like, that's an amazing question. Let's answer that. But internally, somebody is inside of me stabbing me on the inside. Okay. Silence screen. Yeah. Make it where, okay, cool. Does Gator funding for a business need to be, guys, if I talk, if I talk, I'm going to talk to you guys about Gator funding for businesses. Do we agree it's a bonus and not a requirement? I could go the rest of my life and never, never tell you anything else about that. Okay. So here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to give you guys a bonus. This is, there's three bonuses I'm giving you. You know about two of them. Caitlin, did you write down the two bonuses? So the first bonus is the, you said where you're going to do an extra zoom on private money lending, private money lending. I'll do two zooms just on private money lender. How, how to be a private money lender? How to create notes? How to verify and vet that it's a good deal for you? Okay. The second bonus I'll do for you guys is teach you guys how to do UCC ones and do Gator lending on a business. Okay. It kind of opens up the variety a little bit, okay. And I'll show you, I, you don't need to get this UCC one from, from, you don't need to go get it. I'll bring it. I'll go have him create, create the UCC one and give it to you guys. I'll spend the money for you. And is this one of the Sean St. Clair you were talking about? That one will be Sean St. Clair, yeah. Okay. Be patient though and go work on what you already have access to. Go make money on what I've already taught you. Go make money on what you already have trained you, what you have access to right now. There's people making $30,000, $40,000 a month right now. Okay. Do not be the child in the back of the van saying are we at Disneyland yet? Do not be that person. Okay. Can you Gator fund businesses internationally? That's a great question. I'm sure you can. I've never done it nor do I think I need to. There's so much opportunity here that I don't need I need, I don't think I need to do it. Third business. Third bonus. Third bonus I'm going to bring you guys. This is unexpected. My team Molly and Allison are going to come in here every two weeks and spend two hours with you guys as a bonus talking about the paperwork and vetting Gator opportunities. Four hours every single month. Do we agree? I paid both these girls way more money than you paid. You paid Eddie and Cody for this mentorship. Do we agree that this is a crazy high level bonus? And I do not need to hear you complain about I have free YouTube content in the Kajabi. Somebody needs to poke both your eyes out for that complaint. And by the way, if you're one of those people that ever left a negative yelp review, go take a cold shower and then punch yourself in the face. How dare you have that kind of time on your hands? Oh my gosh. The worst human beings on planet Earth. Let me do anything but be constructive with my life and go make a complaint instead of just building. If I was upset about a restaurant owner, I would go to the restaurant owner and go, hey man, as one from one business owner to another business owner, here's a couple things I noticed. I'm sure you're aware of it. I know it's hard to run a business. You got 85 employees relying on you. Just want to give you a friendly thing. You probably could put a little bit more attention over there. You don't need to go on the help and destroy somebody's business. Right? Don't be those people. Don't be a yelper. I purposely only make positive reviews on yelp. That's it. Positive reviews. I even made a negative review on the help and I gave them five stars. I just said, these are some things that need to be fixed here. This is great. But overall, blah, blah, blah, blah, five stars. And I give them five stars. I don't want to take somebody's business down and people's employees that are relying on all that kind of stuff. Just don't be that guy. People look for reasons to complain. The YouTube thing, I could not get over that for like an hour the other day. I was like, really? That was a complaint somebody had that we tried to add some convenience to their lives. Okay. All right. So we got three major bonuses from this zoom. The Molly one, I'm going to start not this week because it's Thanksgiving. I'm going to start Molly next week. Okay. And I'll probably, I probably have her do it on a Wednesday. Okay. Wednesday afternoon. The only thing I will ever have her do because it's not her job to educate you. It's her job to help you out with the paperwork and some of the vetting. I will not, if you guys ask a question about hard money lenders, private money lenders, that is not the conversation. The conversation is, hey, I've got this opportunity. Here's the situation. What do you think of the particulars? And Molly says, nope, I don't like it. Here's why go fix this. Go next person. Okay. Will you call it gator so we know to log into the zoom? Yes. I will call it gator. Okay. Is it going to be recorded? Yes. Everything I do is recorded. Will those sessions be saved somewhere in case? Yes, they'll be in the kajabi course. Somebody will still complain about it. They'll go, how dare this bonus content found its way into my paid course material? Some people are married to those human beings. Nothing in my life can ever make me feel unhappy because I immediately think I am grateful I never married a person like that and everything in my life is perfect. Okay. Now, three bonuses, amazing stuff. I've got, I'm going to spend some time with my daughter and my wife. I'm going to be on Sunday service in an hour. Not that you guys care about that, but if you guys were gators and you were looking for opportunities, I would go there and build relationships with people that are looking for real estate deals. Smart place to go. Sunday service. Whole cell hotline. Facebook groups. There are a crazy amount of Facebook groups nationwide around wholesaling, being real estate agents, etc. Crazy amount. Okay. Problem is people don't want to search. So what they do is they just go to my Facebook group and talk about being a gator. Also, what is an amazing opportunity to become a gator is the elephant challenge. My next elephant challenge starts on December 10th, I believe. December 10th. I'm going to be doing a free challenge to help you guys find a bunch of business. We had, by the way, who submitted a testimonial the other day to Carly? We are giving away 10 tickets to the Golden Ticket event that has been exclusively sub-two students only. We're giving away 10 tickets to the first 10 people that did that. Guys, we got over 100 testimonials of people that are doing gator deals, making money. It's freaking cool, man. It is freaking cool. What's happening? So kudos to you guys. Okay. Now, last tip of the night for the people, here's what I'm going to tell you guys something. People that make a lot of money, I'd say most of them don't talk about how much money they make. And so even in sub-two in my community, the people who are like the monsters, what happens is after a while, they actually kind of slowly go away from the group because they get so busy with their business and the beach and all that kind of stuff. Sherry says, might get into trouble here. Bum, my son, Michael Foster did not get accepted into the Golden Ticket event. Do you know that the Golden Ticket event is all about people who are the most active in the Facebook group? That's it. I believe it's the only filter. Okay. Well, Sherry, write an email to Melissa sub-two and tell her, tell her, say, paste told me to ask you to verify that. Okay. All right. So make sure that you guys are building relationships with people in here because here's what happens. There's people in this Zoom right here that are making a bunch of money and doing a bunch of deals. They came in to learn from me and then they leave. You guys need to make sure you're grabbing onto them and not letting them leave. And by the way, if you guys are some of the gators that are making money, it's your responsibility to not just come in here and learn amazing stuff that I just laid out for two hours and then bounce. Hey, forward. Hang out with the people that are not doing deals yet. They're lacking confidence. They're lacking momentum and they're lacking action because they're lacking confidence and momentum. And the reason they're lacking confidence and momentum is because you, some of the leaders come in here, grab my information, leave, go make a bunch of money and don't pour back in to everybody. Okay. Now, I see Rob SEMA, I see Benjamin, I see a ton of people helping a lot of people in here, but I also saw a bunch of the testimonials and I never see the people that are, I'd say 70% of the testimonials are people making a bunch of money. Don't even make comments when they're on the Zoom with us. Isn't that interesting? Interesting. All right. Was it guys? How good was the Zoom tonight? It was amazing. You give me a seven out of ten? No, like an 11 out of ten. Amazing. Holly, you were up there, very patient. I saw you joking and laughing at some of my stuff. I got to see if there's a quick question I can answer for you. I don't know how quick it would be, but first of all, I just want to say thank you for spending your Sunday with us. And thank you so much for organizing that YouTube material because I get lost on YouTube and I get distracted really easily. So it was really helpful to have it all there. It helped me to already be able to sift through some obvious bad deals, like very obvious ones. We've had actually, like, I think probably everybody in the Zoom was probably contacted by the same guy who really wanted us to send money to his Venmo. So. Oh, yeah, Holly was telling me about that. Yeah. So I did have another question, but I don't know how quick it would be. So basically, I know that EMD is like the bread and butter of Gators. And like I've been like reaching out to a lot of different Facebook pages and stuff like that. But I also hear that you can gator lend for up to 60 days. And so like I'm new to sub to I haven't even done it. Like I haven't closed the deal. I'm in the middle of a couple. But so I wouldn't even know like does the money sit in title for 60 days or like how does that. That's a good example of a longer term gator deal. Okay. So a longer term gator deal. Well, just so you know, the bread and butter, I think you guys are going to find at some point in the next couple of months, you will find that there will be more double close opportunities than you even imagined. Okay. So there's going to be a lot of double closes, especially as the the and some people don't even know what double closing is. But I'll teach you guys that in my personal next training for gator will be about double close like what is double close when do we use it? What's the opportunity, et cetera? And you're going to see a lot of double closes. The entire wholesale industry in the next five, seven years will be almost nothing but double closes. Okay. Why is that? It's because the national association of realtors is spending a lot of money to lobby against wholesaling and they've already made it outlawed in three states. Arizona is going to be one probably in the next 18 months that wholesaling will not be legal here in Arizona unless you are a licensed real estate agent or you can double close. That's it. So you're going to see a lot more wholesalers double closing. And as a gator, you're going to go, I need to be that needs to be my one of my gator strategies is double closing. That's the second strategy that I'm planning and teaching guys is double closing. Yeah, here in Omaha, they just passed like it's not illegal, but you can't market your wholesale deals. Right. So this is where double closing becomes an amazing opportunity to go. I'll just close on it, send it out. Right. So what they're doing is they get. Okay. They get their hard money lender, right, to give them. 70 80% of the money. And then they're missing that other gap for a very short duration, like literally one day, that gap lender, the gator can come in there for one day, double close that. I also have an amazing relationship that I just created in the last couple of months. I've vetted them out the last couple of months. They will do the double closes with their money and pay you a fee and you can white label their double close lending business. Like you can literally go, you can literally call their company, holly double close lending business and they will let white label and build a website for you. Crazy, right? So anyway, on the EMD question, the EMD question is what is the typical turnaround? 60 days is a very long time on a wholesale transaction. Yeah. That's very long. Okay. If it's 60 days, that means that that buyer has not been found yet. Okay. Okay. And so for me, it's like, we're usually like 30 days max, right? But here's what happens, holly. Let's go, let's go here. This will help you out. So let's say that even if it is a 60 day transaction, here's day one, here's day 60, the day we open escrow and close escrow. Here's an inspection period right here of like 10 days. Hold on a second. Okay. So there's an inspection period of like 10 days here, right? Your earnest money comes in here, right here. Okay. Your buyer, let's say your buyer comes along, guess what happens? Your buyer comes in and replaces your EMD before that inspection period is up. Right. So you only really have your money, your EMD at risk for those 10 days. That's it. Arcos says with the correct paperwork, which is the correct paperwork that we have. Use my paperwork, use my instruction, watch the training, talk to Molly every two weeks. She'll continue to teach more and more on the paperwork side of things. Okay. So yes, even if that transaction takes 60 days, your EMD has been replenished. However, you still get paid the day the close of escrow happens. That's when you get your chunk of money. Even though you've been replenished on that deal, does that make sense, Holly? Yeah, yeah, it does. So would we get our, like if they replace me during that period, would we get our initial EMD back, just not the, you wouldn't get the profit yet until the deal closes. Okay. Got it. You would only get replenished and get your risk out of the deal. Gotcha. Okay. That makes sense. Cool. Cool. Thank you. Amazing question. Guys, this was awesome. I had a lot of fun. I actually got, I actually got better at educating on a couple of things here tonight. So that was really great. Caitlin, amazing questions, Holly, great questions. There's so many people had freaking unbelievable questions tonight. Rita says, where will this zoom be filed? Guys, let's, this is going to become a problem in Gator. There's something weird in the Gator tribe. I don't know what it is. Sub two does not have this problem. Okay. Gator has this problem. It is crazy how many times I get this question in Gator? Maybe we suck it explaining this. Okay. So, well, yeah, I know that Todd. I mean, that's why I'm making the comment. Where, Carly, where do we put these recordings? I do this recording today. Where is it going to be housed? Where does this go? Because in Sub two, we have the whole vault, right? We have that whole entire thing. That doesn't exist inside of Gator. So where are we putting these recordings? Carly. Rita says this is my first day. No problem. Rita, I was referencing literally how many people I've asked that question tonight, guys. And I think maybe just because I suck, I didn't answer it. I just didn't answer it. Carly, I need you. Maybe she's out. Yeah, that's what Sherita says. I'm that's why I'm confused. I'm used to the vault. So like Sub two, guys, just so you know, here's the difference between Sub two and Gator. Okay. Sub two has 51 employees. It's a lifelong mentorship. Gator has like three employees because more than half of the money you paid, first, actually, the majority of the majority of the Gators that came in here never paid us to any money. Right? The first tranche of Gators that came in here got really lucky. I open this up to people like the first, I don't know, four, 500 people. And all you had to do is go to PCS and get a corporate credit set up. The second time we opened it up, the majority of that money actually goes to PCS. So we can't afford you would think, oh man, they're making so much money. We can't afford to hire 15 employees for this, right? So it's not your fault. It's just it is what it is. We're trying to keep this affordable and change the game. My main goal is to bring funding resources to my Sub two community and to the Astro community and really change the game and bring something that's prolific and really, really cool. So, um, okay, so she said, Carly says this video will be in discord and Kejabi. Okay, discord and Kejabi. She says it's going to be in discord first and then Kejabi. Amazing. All right. Hey, Carly, maybe you could do a Zoom tomorrow with everybody for like 30 minutes. If you could do a Zoom with everybody tomorrow for like 30 minutes or maybe send everybody a video, I think there, guys, I think there's a video walkthrough. I know people don't want to hear that answer. People want to see it like live. Carly, we love you. We appreciate you. That wasn't grandpa. That's Azure. He said, what's Corbin doing down there? She causing trouble. You go. You go. I said, Corbin just being a good girl. That's what I said. Okay, guys, awesome. Great bonuses. Super excited. Um, I'm not going to be doing any zooms this week because it's Thanksgiving week. I'm going to be an Arkansas. So anybody that's in the Arkansas area, stay tuned. We're going to be doing some a bunch of charitable things. I think we're going to spend like 50 grand on people that are unfortunate situations and less fortunate than all of us. And that's going to be a lot of fun. So thank you guys so much. What a great training. I had a lot of fun. We'll see you guys next time. Great, freaking questions, guys. Kudos to all of you guys. Great, freaking questions. Have a great night.