 It's funny, I answered Google this. How many or what is a gator like a group of gators called? I was thinking it's like going to be called a tribe or something cool, but it's called a congregation. Very interesting. Okay. I haven't signed up with PCS, but I'm on it tomorrow. Okay. So what I want to do is for everybody that wants to be part of the long term six month training, people that say I don't need a line of credit, yes, you do. This is the small thinking I can't be a part of is that you guys are like, I'm just going to use my own money. If you guys aren't building trade lines and you're not working on building other people's money, you're looking at this way too small, right? You're like, well, I'm just going to save up my own money. Guys, I use my money to buy title companies and lending businesses that have a return of 400% cash on cash return. He using my own money to do funding like this is not a smart move unless I'm just getting started. The long term goal should always to build a line of credit, always to build capital, always to have access to multiple sources of income. So the long term goal is to have people, I think Kelly has it in the side chat. Let's see here. Okay. Let's see here. Let me just make sure I have it set up properly. ACS wants me to create this is great. Eric Johnston, I've never done a wholesale deal. You know, I wonder if we, Eric, let's have a conversation. Hey, hello. Eric, you there? Yeah, can you hear me? I can hear you. Hi, how's it going? I'm great. So you've never done a wholesale deal, right? No, I'm just trying to get into the business now. Perfect. Was there any point in this training that I made you feel like you have to do a wholesale deal to do any of this stuff? No, I talked to prime corporate service and they wanted me to start off by creating an LLC and building up my line of credit. I don't want to make sure that I'm going on the right road here. You are a 100% going down the right road because here's what's going to happen here. I'm going to show you how to go out and get your first deal done or bring people together and wedge yourself into a deal and guess what's going to happen? Somebody's going to say, okay, what LLC do I put it under? Bro, it sounds like common sense, but it's crazy that I had to bring you up here. I'm glad you asked about this. That's a great question. Gotcha. Even if I have never done wholesale deal before. What is having a wholesale deal or not wholesale deal have to do with any of the stuff I'm teaching you? I'm just, I'm assuming creating a line of credit, you know, building up my line of credit with the LLC. You just don't get a line of credit. You got to build it up, right? No, you can get a thousand dollar line of credit or two thousand dollar line of credit without going out and building some massive business. All right, cool. Yeah, you don't need to have all this crazy credit and all that kind of stuff. In fact, I have a handful of students in here that have really subpar credit scores that are like, this is never going to work for me and they got a two thousand dollar line of credit. Man, that's fantastic. I mean, I have great credit. Like I said, none of my LLCs. So here's Eric, this is why I like AirMeet because we can actually have a conversation. Couple of things. Great. Now, nowhere in here my teaching had to do wholesale deals. Now, if you want to do wholesale deals, I'll teach you that in the Gator method stuff because I don't charge anybody to do wholesale stuff. Wholesale in my wholesale education in my opinion is a commodity. It's like everybody has access to it. It's just based on like who you like and who you don't like. I'll teach you how to do wholesale in a very untraditional strategic way where as a Gator lender, you actually can insert yourself into wholesale transactions without having to cold call sellers without going and hiring virtual assistants without negotiating without any of that kind of stuff. A small line of credit. Now, your question, Eric, I might go, well, I already have two thousand dollars. Why do I need a line of credit for two thousand dollars? Does that pop in your mind at all? Yeah, we'll, oh, yeah, of course. Okay. That is a very small minded way of thinking. It's a way I used to think as well. So here's what's going to happen. We're going to run into bigger and bigger and bigger opportunities and you're going to go, man, I don't have the money for that. Gotcha. Those opportunities don't come to you for three months or six months or nine months or 12 months. Can what, what line of work you in right now? Physical therapy. Okay. You're in physical therapy. So when you first learned physical therapy, did you, you've gotten more and more advanced I imagine and understanding other ailments and problems that people have with their body, right? Of course. So start on day one knowing how to fix every single problem, right? No, no, you learned a lot on the job. Yeah. Okay. So that's what Gator lending is. It's the same thing. So what's going to happen is you're going to start with your own little chunk of money and you're thinking, oh, the knowledge I learned in school for physical therapy is all the knowledge I ever need. Would that be an incorrect assumption? No, yeah. No, you're right. I get you. Yeah, for sure. Okay. So it's the same thing with Gator lending. You're going to start with two thousand dollars of your own money and in six months you're going to go, holy crap, why was any building a line of credit this whole time? I would have had 50,000 or 75,000 or a hundred thousand dollars on a line of credit at four percent interest that I could go insert myself into multiple deals where I have very little risk. And then you get to a point where you're in my world where you have a million dollars of lines of credit and you can go get any deal done. But the meantime, you're sitting here thinking, what, I should just start with two thousand dollars on my own capital. It's like, no, go get a small line of credit. We're going to go build our lines of credit together. I'm going to show you guys how to do that. And I'm going to show you guys how to insert yourself into multiple deals where you don't have to be the person that sources the transaction or even sells the transaction because you're the person inserting yourself in the middle and making just as much money as the person who found it and the person who sold it. Well, yeah, I was hovering on the edge and I think you, you've helped me out a lot here. I think, you know, I'm going to already have my rep at prime corporate service. I'm going to call them right after this, you know. So that is, that's the goal, right? The goal is a lot of people are like, wait, what is this? Why are you signing up for prime corporate services? Well, here's what's going to happen. You're going to find out through the training. Let me pin this real quick. There we go. So primecorpacervices.com forward slash ABC. So you guys get a rep at prime, you guys get an LLC, you start working on a line of credit, tell them that you are trying to get into the gator method. I am not letting anybody into the gator method that has not taken action on this because what's going to happen, Eric, is I'll get into like the third training where I show people how to start building their lines and people that are in there that aren't even serious about this or like, well, I'm using my own cash. How do I use my own cash? I'm like, guys, I told you not to use your own cash. Why are you in here? Right? Right. Right. Or people will say, hey, pace, I got my first, literally this happened two weeks ago. Okay. You'll actually see is newness shoot in here. Let me see if I can find Nina shoot. This is Eric. Hopefully you don't mind being on here for a minute. That's great. Okay. So Nina shoot. Okay. So I told Nina shoot a couple of weeks ago how to actually go, oh, she's not in here anymore. You must have got out for a little bit. Okay. So Nina wasn't here a little while ago, but she was somebody I caught how to go and do this gator lending, like how to reach out and find people that need gator lending and put herself in situations where she can make $3,000, $5,000, $7,000 without being the person that found the deal, finds the deal, all that stuff, right? And I teach her how to do it in 20 minutes, literally in person. I teach her how to do it in 20 minutes. I tell her what to post, where to find it, all that kind of stuff. And she goes, she comes back in into me. I'm in a different room at this point. She walks into this room. She's like, you wouldn't believe it. And I go, what? What happened? She's like, I got my first gator, I got my first gator lending. I'm going to make like $3,000 and like five minutes of doing this. And what was her next question? She goes, where, where do I, like, how do I do this? And I go, well, you need paperwork and you need an LLC. You shouldn't be funding people in your own personal name. She's like, oh, I don't have an LLC. Like Nina, how many times do I have to tell you, go get an LLC? You now have a problem, right? So like Eric, if you and I are going to go buy a property together, right? Let's say you and I do a deal together and you bring capital to the table. Somebody else is your own. It doesn't matter. You bring paperwork to the table. You bring a buyer, whatever resource you bring to the table. And you, hey, Pays, I'm going to bring this resource to the table to you. But I want to have 20% ownership in this deal. I go, great. Eric, that sounds good to me. What LLC should I put it into? Right. And you say, I don't have an LLC. Gotcha. You got to start from stuff. Doesn't that sound crazy to you that you wouldn't just sign up for an LLC? Right. Yeah. Now I get you. It's one, one last thing is I was looking at prime corporate service. I mean, that's the thing. I see another question about it. Is there better business viewer ratings or little iffy? I was doing a lot of research. Ask the people. Bro, don't ever follow better business bureau stuff. Follow the side chat. Ask the people in the side chat who actually do business with prime corporate services if they're happy. Yeah. Yeah. Who's happy with prime corporate services? Let's give everybody love who are actually happy. Like say yes or me or something along those lines. Look at that. PCS is amazing. I love PCS. Happy. Better business bureau at Eric Johnson. There are companies out there. Let me tell you something as a person who is also on the better business bureau for multiple years that now I refuse to be on the better business bureau. If you pay $600 a year, you automatically have an A plus rating. Do you know that? Not had no idea. That's crazy. Of course. Because Eric, no offense to you. I apologize. I'm using you as a beating bag. No, it's great. I hope everybody's learning from me. They are. You don't have a business. And when you have a business, people hit you up from the better business bureau to come and say, Hey, if you pay $600, we'll give you an A plus rating. It's every year. You pay him $600. You have a guaranteed A plus rating. There are also companies out there, Eric, that go, Hey, if you're trying to fight against your competitor, you pay us $2,500 and we'll go get negative reviews on your competitors better business bureau website. Love it. That sounds horrible. It's horrible. So for me, I hate this is why like if I have students in my sub two program that if you've ever made a negative Yelp review and given somebody a one star on like a restaurant, you're not allowed to come into my mentorship. Because think about the think about the mindset of the complainer instead of going to the business that did you wrong and saying, Hey, how can we work this out from one business professional to another? You went out of your way to go make a negative review. Even when I make a negative review, I give them five stars and they go, Hey, guys, this was one employee, one situation. This is a good company and I talked to the owner, but this is my experience and I hope that they're going to fix it and I give them a five star review because I care about people's businesses. But when you see something like better business bureau, dude, Google it or start go to better business bureau and go on their website and figure out how to become an A plus rated person. It's $600 a year. That's it. Let's scan. I didn't know about that. I think you appreciate it. How does the better business bureau make money? Yeah, right. You thought that was a government entity? To be honest, I had no idea. It's a private entity. It's a business. They charge you $600 a year per business to have an A plus rating. Wow. So when you don't play that game, guess what happens? You're there's companies out there that are like, Oh, I know how this works. People like Eric Johnston actually look at better business bureau ratings. I'm going to go and not and I'm going to go create fake reviews on the bit of business bureau website. But if you look at all the people in the side chat, I would be hard pressed to find some of you that is unhappy with with prime corporate services. And if they are unhappy, guess what they do? They text me and I immediately fix it. So that's great to know. You answered a lot of questions right now. Cool. Thank you for having me by the way. Of course. Thank you. I have a question. Okay. Brian map. What do you got Brian? Can you hear me? I can. How are you doing, pace? I'm telling it, man. How you doing? Uh, killing yours as well. Uh, thank you for coming out to New York. I was at your event. Uh, it was great. Wasn't it? It was amazing. It was absolutely amazing. It was a very, very large crowd. But I have two quick questions. Um, are you going to allow any of your gator lending students to get in on any of your deals? Hell no. No. Okay. And, um, hell, hell, hell, no. Okay. I'll get in on your deals, but I, you're getting in on my deals. What do I need you for? I guess you don't. Like, think, think about that for a second. If I let you in on my deals, that means you got to be a lender or you got to be a builder, you got to bring a resource to the table. If you have a resource, you want to bring to the table that I don't already have the answer is yes. But just because you're a student, getting in on my deals doesn't justify that. Does that make sense? Yes. So bring me a resource and we'll, we'll leverage those resources to wedge ourselves into a deal together. Absolutely. I'll day long. Okay. And, uh, another quick question. How long does it take to build, uh, your corporate line of credit, I guess, to a level of, like yours, I guess. Tell me, tell me how, what's the number in your mind? Uh, couple, like, couple million, couple million could take three years. Okay. But a couple hundred thousand dollars could take six months or less. All right. All right. So Brian, let me ask you a question in the last six months, how much corporate credit have you built? No. Okay. So what are you going to do over the next six months? Plan on building my corporate. There you go. Building multiple million dollar lines of credit takes a couple of years to build 20,000, 50,000, 100,000, 200,000 dollars doesn't take that much time to get started with like a 2000 dollar line, a thousand dollar line of credit takes like almost no time at all. So getting started like tomorrow, you could get started on a line of credit in like less than 30 days and have money to lend and start building that. And so what you're, what's happening is you're making chunks of money along the way. But more importantly, you're building your credit, right? You're building your corporate credit in your use case. And so what's happening is you're compounding compounding compounding in six months later, you walk up, you know, dude, I have a hundred thousand dollars. I'm first off, I made a quarter million dollars in actual money I've made and my line of credit has grown or I have multiple lines of credit that are worth a hundred thousand dollars, right? We're not, this is not just about building corporate credit. This is about leveraging yourself into deals and making a shit ton of money and along the way building your corporate credit. Gotcha. Does that make sense? Yes, absolutely. I'm not trying, I'm not trying to teach you guys just to build corporate credit. That's lame. You guys want to learn how to do that? Go do that on YouTube. I'm trying to get you guys into big deals and get you guys portions of equity like some of the case studies I told you about the deals I'm in the middle of right now. I got you. That makes sense? Absolutely. Awesome. Great question. Thank you.