 Brandon mixed pace can you touch on usery laws usery laws brother. I'll touch on this for one time and one time only are you guys ready for me to touch on usery laws. You guys ready everybody ready you guys all are aware I'm going to touch on usery laws just real quick. Okay, I'm going to answer it one time if it comes up again I will take a chomp out of you. At usery laws are based on interest. Are we charging interest? No, we're not. Guess what we're doing. We are doing a joint venture where we are bringing a resource to the table and gaining a portion of the profits of the deal. Does that sound like a usery violation? No, usery violations have to do with percentage you are charging on an agreement for alone. You are doing a joint venture. This is why we have a joint venture agreement. You are not doing a loan. You are joint venturing on the deal. There is a JV agreement that you're having these people sign what you bring to the what you bring to the table is a resource is your contribution to the deal is a resource and you then get to participate as a joint venture partner on the deal. Does that make sense? Have we sufficiently handled that? These are things I have gotten my personal attorney involved so you don't have to. What was that called a usery usery laws is basically charging people too much interest. I got it. Okay, so you get people like those check cashing places or title loan places or whatever that can charge upwards of like 25% return on their loans. We're not charging percentages. Have you guys ever heard me to say I'm charging any percentage? Okay, so I'm answering this one again too. This needs to go into the pamphlet or not the pamphlet but the training is that we're not charging percentages. That's for hard money lenders and that's for private money lenders. We are taking chunks based on a joint venture agreement. We are taking a portion of the joint venture profits based on our partnership with the person we are doing the deal with. Does that make sense? Let me ask you a question. If I am a business partner with my business partner Cody and I make 50 oh here's a good one. Let's say a wholesaler has a house under contract and they're going to assign it to a buyer but they can't find a buyer so I come to the table and I bring a buyer and we split the profits 50 50. I literally made 10 grand with no money out of my pocket because I brought a resource to the table just because I brought I made half of the profits. Is that mean that I I violated usery laws? No, we are in a joint venture agreement. Whatever the resource is that I brought to the table justifies my ownership in that transaction. I am not your lender. I am actually your joint venture partner utilizing my contracts. Have we clarified your relationship in this zoom yet? That alone is worth a hundred thousand dollars a game right there. Somebody in a week will go but I still haven't covered my PCS costs. And this is why you're broke because that's how you think. What I just taught you took me 10 years to learn and to figure out how to articulate and then educate it to other people. Nobody told me that I had to come up with that on my own. You're welcome. There you go. He's a game worth a hundred thousand dollars.