 Catherine, if you want to unmute yourself, I have you next. Okay, cool. Hi there. I have a couple of questions. The first one was when people didn't use the your specific new whole gay or wholesale in contract. Pays was always talking about just have them do the addendum, how do the addendum and I've had conversations with a couple other people in the group here because there isn't actually a document that says addendum. And so I guess we just work question. It seemed like there was a document that dealt with that issue, but it wasn't called a denim and we were sort of just wanting to clarify whether the words addendum need to be on there or if it doesn't need to be an addendum. It's just escrow instructions are like just clarity around that word. Yeah. So my guess is that pace is referring to the document I have up on my screen right now, which is the irrevocable escrow instructions release of earnest money for cancellation during inspection period. You can try to get that signed by the seller prior to you providing the loan funds and that way. That language is basically the same as what's found in the purchase contract. So you would have as much protection as you can have considering the nature of some of these title companies and closing attorneys outside of Arizona and states that are being difficult with releasing earnest money. At the end of the day, if you have a cooperative seller. Hopefully it's a non issue and you can frankly use this same document and have it resigned and I didn't put a date on there for obviously reasons because you know the title company will say well, it's doesn't have the date you know that works because it was dated before the inspection period or before the contract or that type of thing. You know, you know, you know, and release the funds. But that's assuming you have a cooperative seller. And all of these documents you guys if anybody's asking questions about the documents are all in the drop box one or which I believe is linked within the discord channel, but I'll double check and make sure Kelly has it in there. These documents and updated ones with spelling that I see a shot is changing on all of these will be updated and put into this document every time. Yep. And so Kelly says right there, I've got them updated ones. I get them. Okay, perfect. So all these will be in the drop box. And so then just back to the last topic, who are you saying that the loan is always paid back first. So can we structure these just to clear, but can we structure our deal so that our money is alone and we have equity so that we're a partner, but we didn't bring money like we'll get our loan paid back first. Yeah. Okay. So you're talking alone besides an earnest money loan, right, a loan more transactional funding loan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you can, you can structure it that way and say, hey, I'll, you know, I'll bring a loan to the table. I recommend doing it with two different entities for a number of reasons. But, you know, so you have your lending entity and then you have your equity entity, but you basically say, yeah, I'll bring a money to the table. But I want to be a lender and in addition to being a lender, I want to, you know, have a percentage of the transaction as well. Yeah, almost treating your lending entity as its own private lender, right? Like that's almost like it's not your funds as if you were to be bringing in a private lender in that case. Yeah. Okay.