 I just broke down a deal that I did subject to. I brought in $30,000 of somebody else's money. They funded the sellers getting paid, the agent getting paid, the closing cost getting paid, my furniture getting paid. I showed you how I paid them back. Okay? So let's jump into some other questions and I'm going to break down. Actually, here's what I'll do. I'll break down what are these types of lenders. I'll show you guys some personality style. Okay? You guys cool with that? How do you build their trust? We won't get into that for a little bit. We'll get into that maybe in two hours. Let's go into this. All right. So you guys ready for this? All right. So let's go to the first type of personality. The first type of personality is the whale. Okay? Now, you guys are all, these are all water creatures and you guys are understand this when I get to the bottom one, but you guys are, we're all going to just teach water creatures. Okay? Now, the whale, I'll give you a good example of a whale. Actually, here, let me, you guys want a whale. I'll give you the contact information for a whale. How about that? Oh, there he is. Alex. Oh, yes, maybe. Here we go. Found him. It's been a bit. I haven't used him for a couple of years, but let's, I'll share you, I'll share his contact information for it to you. Here you go. Alex Cohen, three to 12% lender, sometimes hard money, sometimes private money lender. He is going to get a lot of text messages. Okay? He owns a company called Imperial tile. Okay? Screenshot this. Use him. He doesn't have enough money for you guys. Don't bother him unless you have a deal. Don't be stupid. Don't be one of these people, I'll bother people with that a deal. Okay? Alex Cohen, right there. There's his phone number. There's his office address and he owns a company named Imperial tile. Now, why am I showing you guys him? Why am I showing him to you? Well, because I want you to understand that this is a personality type. Okay? He's a whale. Why is he a whale? Because he's big. He has a lot of money. He owns all their businesses. He's a business man. So this is his mentality. Leave me alone. Hey, me, my returns. And I actually have another lender. I will not give you his name because I actually use him still. His email, his first email to me was this. He says, Pace, I'm not in the business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving my money. Okay? So here's what they want. These are big people. These are people that own businesses like me, but they're older. They're not looking to chase down deals. They're not looking to be involved in the management. Do you think they want to be involved in my Slack channel and seeing what paint color I'm using? Do you think they want to know what cabinet style I'm choosing? Right? All they're trying to do is beat out inflation. Okay? Pace, what kind of lender is the best to use for an apartment complex? April, Marano, please be patient. Please be patient. Let me go through my presentation. I worked hard on this. I promise I did. I know you guys don't think I worked that hard, but I promise I worked really hard this morning at 3 a.m. I promise you'll get value. Okay? So what happens is whales. These are people that are somewhat retired, but still want to play in the game. Rarely amortized. Okay? Amortized. What does amortized mean? It's very simple process. Okay? What does amortized mean? Amortized means it gets paid down over time. So as I make payments, it's kind of like a car loan. That's an amortized loan. A home loan is an amortized loan. Okay? These loans get paid down over time. So my payments actually slowly pay that down to zero. Okay? That's amortized. It's a stupid word. It's a stupid word. I don't know who came up with it, but that's what it means. Amortized means it's over time. It pays off. Okay? Most lenders are not amortized. Most lenders are interest only. They just want interest. Simple interest is what we call it. Simple interest. Okay? Keep it simple. I primarily pay it like Paula. One of my private money lenders says, Peace works very hard. Thank you, Paula. I hope you're coming to Vegas. I want to see you in Vegas. It'd be great to see you there. Okay. So I pay Paula. Simple interest. Thousands of dollars every month. I pay her simple interest. I don't pay her amortization. Now, why don't they want to be amortized? Why do they not want to be paid down? Was there, they want a good return? Okay? They want a great return. Now, Alex Cohen will sometimes do a long term amortized loan, but for them, they don't want to deal with it. They just want simple interest. Okay? Does that make sense, everybody? 800 people staying strong. I almost feel like I should lock out the zoom at this point. Rarely amortized. No ownership. They don't own the deal with me. Sometimes it's long term, sometimes it's short term. Here's the problem with them. Here's the two problems with these types of whales. Okay? They're not going to go in second position for you. So it's not going to be great for subject two deals and seller finance deals and more B method deals and things of that nature. And the worst part about Alex, this is why I don't use Alex anymore. Is this guy is slow. When I got a deal, I got a, if I call like Paul if in Layson or I call Yara or I call one of my other lenders, they jump on it. They fund the deal quickly. Even though Paul lives in Brazil right now, she funds the deal quickly. If you get things done. So would you guys say that my lenders are typically whales? Now, where do you find these people? I'll show you where we find these people. This is a really, you guys want to see how to find these people? Okay. Real that you guys honestly don't, the problem with this is I'm going to tell you and you're going to be like, really, there's no, that's not magical. That's not magical enough pace. Most of the stuff that you say is magical. This is not magical. Guys, first step, take notes. Where do I find these people? Anybody that owns a business, doctors, lawyers, attorneys, et cetera, that are too busy to be real estate investors themselves, typically they're a little bit older because they don't have the same hustle and grind. They kind of like over all that. It's not that they lost energy. It's just that they've been through it, right? They've been through it so they don't want that. Okay. How much does each personality type lend? The whale, okay. The whales typically have 50 to $100 million net worth. They have a lot of money. They'll lend massive amounts of money. I never ran out of Alex's money. Never. And I did a lot of deals with him. Never once ran out of his money. Okay. Does that help you understand the whale? Does anybody have any specific question about whales? Specific question about whales. Don't ask me a question about like a innovation agreement or something. Okay. Anybody? Okay, hold on there. Let's see. Hey, so have you ever had a whale use a 1099A as a form of payment? Yes, I have. What do whales care about the most? I've already, Cody, I've already answered this question but I'll happily answer it again. This is what they care about right here. This is their care bucket. Leave me alone. Pay me my returns. I'm not in the business of making money. I'm in the business of preserving my money. I've just answered that question for you. That's their personality type. That's what they want. Have I answered that question properly? Why are they slow? Tyson Davis, you tell me why do you think they're slow? You must be a young kid, Tyson, because you don't understand what it's like to get a little bit older. I found myself this morning looking at the vines growing all over my house and I was like, I would have never cared about this as an 18 year old or a 25 year old or a 30 year old, but now I'm nearing 40 and I'm like, those vines are beautiful. Man, I live in a paradise. The older you get, the more your desires and everything changes, everything changes dramatically. So the older you get, you focus your time and your energy in other places. So when whales get big and they have a lot of money, do you think they care about every individual deal and trying to make a big chunk of money on every little deal or they kind of at a point where they're like, you know what, I just kind of want a safe return and I want to do it with people that I really think are awesome. That's it. You are not going to find a whale that's worth less than a million dollars, okay? What about crowd funds? Russian Eskimo bro, you need a knuckle sandwich for lunch. That's what you need today. Jeff says, my kids are teasing me all the time because I point out my appreciation for trees. Yeah, I can tell you're not 18 years old. Have you personally used a whale to take over a large portfolio? Yes, I have. Those vines are nice on the house. Thank you, Tanisha. Okay, cool. Who, all right, does everybody understand what's the length of term alone they usually want one, two or three years? So they'll both, they'll do both short term or long term, but what they prefer, pay attention to this guys because this is so hard for you to understand and I don't have time to ramp up to like, make sure you understand this. They don't want to deal with paperwork. They don't want to deal with rig a more role. They don't want to be dealing with you turning over their money so frequently that they're cut. You guys know what happens when we, I'm gonna walk you through the paperwork here and about an hour, maybe an hour and a half, but the paperwork is annoying, especially when you're worth a lot of money, you've got a lot of things going on. You want to spend your time chilling by your pool, vacationing, traveling, doing things, building other businesses, whatever. Do you think that you want to be bothered by a mobile notary coming by and stopping by because every time I borrow money from a lender and every time I pay off a lender, guess what I have to do? I have to do paperwork to receive their money and I have to do paperwork to send them their money. And that paperwork verifies that they signed, they're okay with everything. That means they have to meet up with mobile notaries. Do you think a whale really wants to have me turning his money over every three to six months? No, they're a personality type. They look at that, I'm gonna break down the dolphins, the swimmers and the sharks and some alligators, some other personality types. Dude, the alligator, the crocodile essentially, they're okay with turning their money every 30 days. The whales, they don't want to be bothered with that. They move slower, okay? Safe or return, slow, they just move slower and they're just bigger, okay? They don't want to be bothered with paperwork, okay? Is anyone here, else here, 18? A lot of people here are 18. Okay, Nancy, she's a mobile notary. So Nancy, do you ever go to private money lenders to pay off their notes and their needs of trust? I'm sure she does all the time. Okay. Are we all, okay, so where do we find these people? I'm gonna show you a couple of places to find them. First place I find them is anybody that owns a business. So if they, if you, we have a couple of students in our mentorship that are just business owners, that joined our mentorship just to lend money. One of them is a Chick-fil-A owner. He owns two Chick-fil-A stores, makes $1.6 million a year in net income to his family. Do you think he's a good private money lender? Yeah. He doesn't have time. He's running two Chick-fil-A stores. Do you think he has time to find deals and manage projects and deal with realtors and mobile notaries and all that kind of crap? Or do you think he's like, I wanna be in real estate, but I don't wanna be in real estate. You guys understand the difference? In the personality types, they want freedom, they wanna double down. Steve Allison says yes, and he's a great guy. Okay. Now, next person, actually, I don't wanna jump into the next personality style. I wanna show you guys how to find these lenders, okay? I wanna show you guys a very simple way to find these lenders. Okay, let's go to... Cool, diamond. All right, so. Let's see here. Sorry, guys. My wife sent me some cool stuff, and I wanna send it to you guys. I wanna show you guys what notes and deeds it trust look like, and paper notes. Okay, so let's see here. All right, so let's see here. Sorry, guys. My wife sent me some cool stuff, and I wanna send it to you. I wanna show it to you guys here in a little bit. I'm gonna show you guys what notes and deeds like, and paper, or geze, except... You guys feel like we're... Should I just end the Zoom right now? It's been an hour and 40 minutes. I think that you guys got enough value, right? Should we just be done right now? Or should I... I feel like I'm just getting started. You guys got all the value, you guys got enough... Okay, so, we wanna show, and then wait a little bit. The usual volume plays. But,رفes are basically like