 Jonathan Asbel, is there any stipulation in your contracts that detail what happens in the reasonable absence of a participant? Yeah. You are a JV on the deal. So let's say that there is no word from the wholesaler and the inspection period is coming do. Guess what you do. You call a title and go, I haven't heard from my partner cancel the contracts and my earnest money back. You have the ability to communicate with a title company because of the JV agreement that you signed. So with Brandon, what you didn't do is you didn't review his underlying contract. Otherwise, you would have learned that you probably should not have put that money up in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. Right. The other thing that, you know, I feel good about and you talking about building a relationship with this other wholesaler is he's out about $750 because he had a mobile phone. Mobile notary sent to the seller's house for the first closing, the one with the wholesaler that skipped out. So he's out the mobile notary for the signed docs on that. Then he sent the mobile notary again with the new buyer because the new closing docs have to be a resigned. So he's out $750, but he was going to take it out of my $3000. I said, absolutely not. So I said, I'll tell you what, I'm going to try to get my money back. Or try to get my fee as soon as that comes in. I promise you, I'm a man of my word. I was raised with ethics and morals. I will, as long as you can confirm that, I will go ahead and reimburse you for that $750 because you did not take my $3000. So, yeah. And that's, that's something that I've learned in real estate is you got to be a man of your word and you got to stick through with that and. 100% yeah. Yeah. So good question. Yeah. Brandon, it works, it works even for the buyer, especially. So your buyer was essentially doing what we call a whole tail flip. They were basically buying it quickly, putting it, cleaning it up, putting it on the market. They're going to sell it. You were right in assuming it wasn't going to be 60 days. It was going to be 90 days because you've been in a business. You know how that happens that their end buyer is going to take some time and ultimately take more than 60 days. Still a 90 day return on 30% of your money. That's pretty dang good. Still 120% return on your money. Annualized, right? Really good deal. So yes, you can do it for end buyers. But again, for everybody else listening, Brandon knows this, we are not hard money lenders. Okay. We are not out there being private money lenders trying to partner with people long term. I have private money lenders, guys. Okay. Listen to this. Private money lenders are not out there trying to make a living on lending. Listen to this. Private money lenders are not trying to make a living on lending money. Are we private money lenders? We are not. Okay. There is a difference. There's basically three things here. There's a hard money lender that they do that for a living. You can Google any state right now, any city right now type in Phoenix, Arizona, hard money lenders and they call themselves hard money lenders. There's thousands of them in my market. Thousands of them in every single market, probably in LA and bigger cities like Dallas and Houston, there's probably tens of thousands of hard money lenders. Okay. They do it for a living. They want to be in first position and they want to charge anywhere between 8% upwards of 18% depending on that lender. Okay. They do it as a business. Okay. If massive amounts of money, they're not looking for chunks. They're looking for a reasonable return on lending money in first position. You don't know what first and second position is go watch YouTube and figure what that out, what that is. Okay. I've already talked about that in previous skater trainings. Then the second thing we're talking about is private money lenders. Private money lenders are typically people that have a couple million bucks, maybe a couple hundred thousand dollars and they're like, I don't want my money sitting there doing nothing. So I'll lend that money out to people for longer term situations and they're not looking for chunks. Okay. Because you guys deserve chunks and I'll tell you why you deserve chunks. You deserve chunks because this is an active business that you're doing this as a living. It requires reviewing, reviewing people were calling title companies, making sure that you are covered and protected across multiple bases because there's more, more moving parts. There is more at stake in these loans. Therefore there should be a larger return. A private money lender goes, yeah, here's my money. When you're done with whatever you're doing, pay it back to me with my additional interest. What private money lenders are trying to do is they're trying to mitigate their risk against inflation. They're trying to have some return, some passive income. Private money lending is truly the only passive money that there really is. You use my money, bring it back to me. I didn't have to do anything except send you a wire transfer. Are we private money lenders? No. No. If Jonathan Asbel says, I think you should change the name from Gatorlending to GatorjVing. If I did that, do you think any of you guys would even be here? I could. Jonathan, I'm going to give you some advice. Go to a marketing course and then do another one and then another one and then do like 18 more. By the time you're through 25 marketing courses, you might know 5% of what I know on marketing. I named it Gatorlending because I know what I'm doing. OK. So Brandon, really smart, bro. I love the example. I appreciate you bringing that up. I think, you know, by the way, guys, you think it's nice to have a Brandon in this group that Brandon can kind of help lend some expertise on some of these types of transactions. He might be somebody you want to squat up with. He's obviously not a student of sub two or else he would know what more B method was. So, but doesn't mean he doesn't have a tremendous amount of experience in the wholesale cash world. So, Brandon, I like that loan. I would have done that loan for sure. I think again, just talking to everybody else out there, I would have made sure my contract was reviewed and I had the ability to get my earnest money back. The second thing I would have done is I would have said, you know, what's your guys' exit strategy? I would have known all the principles, all the parties involved. And then the third thing is I would have made sure that I had the ability to cancel the contract if somebody ghosted me through my JV agreement. Your JV agreement should bring you in as a principle to the deal so that the title company feels comfortable answering a phone call from Brandon. So, you can go, hey, title company, I haven't heard from these knuckleheads. Cancel my contract or cancel the contract, notify the seller, whoever it is, and send me my $10,000 back. There's a couple things that the paper would work would have solved for you. Perfect. Freaking great job, man. I love that. Really, really good stuff. So, yeah, you guys can lend on both wholesalers and the buyer. In that situation, the wholesaler, they're actually just doing a quick fix and flip. I'm surprised that they just completely ghosted the situation. It's just so funny how this business works. You know what I'm saying? Okay. All right, guys, I've got, I've got 10 minutes and then I'm going to go enjoy my day with my wife. Yasser, what's up, brother? How you doing? Hey, what's up, brother? How you doing, man? Good to see you, man. Yeah, no, good to see you too. Well, thank you for this, man. You answered pretty much most of the questions I had. Love it. It's such a face with you. The question I had, I think it was an answer. It was more of a suggestion is like reviewing the assignment contract. So once, let's say the wholesale defines the buyer, you know, you would essentially go in and review the contract as well because you don't know what they're collecting for Ernest Money from the buyer, the unbiased. Correct. You should because you're a JV on the deal, right? And so when their unbiased comes in and deposits the earnest money, the title company should be notifying everybody that the unbiased came in and here's the receipt of their earnest money. So yes, you should be reviewing that and you should see a receipt that is a larger dollar amount. So listen to this. This is a great question. Yosser is bringing up. If I put, if I put like I'm Heather Whitsick in her situation, I put a thousand dollars up of Ernest Money. What I want to see is I want to see that my whole seller, who I put their earnest money up for, is actually bringing their end buyer with an earnest money at least $3,000 and I get an actual receipt that the title company has received that money in their account. Does that make sense, guys? You need that receipt. And if you do not get that receipt, even if the title company tells you they received it, even if the whole seller says, oh, I got it, the title company cancel the contract if you have time in your inspection period if you do not have a receipt from the earnest money. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Another thing that you brought up to that, and this is I'm literally dealing with this in the morning. The two hours spent on the phone with the whole seller, essentially educating the whole seller, you know, about like how to do it correctly, you know, how to work a deal correctly. It's his first wholesale deal, 5,000, check these numbers out. Heather, I'm trying to connect with you too on this, but 5,000 earnest money is being funded, and we're asking for 4 grand back. So essentially, I'm getting 9 grand back on this deal. Essentially funding the buyer too. So I think I'm going to renegotiate now. What would you do if the whole seller can't find a buyer? So what I'm doing is just like, look at Brandon, I'm looking for a buyer in the network. This is in New Jersey. So would you go back and renegotiate with the whole seller? What I would do is I would immediately ask the whole seller, again, understand the exit strategies number 3. So if the exit strategy is, well, I'm wholesaling. You go, great, have you found your buyer yet? So step number 4 is, here's step number 4. Step number 1, review the contract. Step number 2, check state laws, make sure that we're good. Step number 3 is before you, step number 3 is review the exit strategy. Step number 4 is talk to the most important person involved. Step number 4 is talk to the title company, the closing attorney, to make sure that they understand what you're doing, what you're accomplishing. This is all before you fund the deal. Step number 5 would be fund the deal once you feel 100% secure in that transaction. And then as you're in step number 6, step number 6 is what else can I bring to the table to make additional income? So what Brandon talked about, also what Yost is talking about. Yost is more than doubling his month. No, you're lending 5, you're getting 4 back. So you're essentially getting an 80% return on your money in a 10-day period, which would probably end up being a 3000% or some odd return for your money. It's insane. The next step would be, how can I help you find a buyer? And look at that as an additional benefit to your borrower and an additional benefit to you in your pocketbook. And I would get paid an additional JV agreement. You also are, if you're involved in that transaction, this is what Heather and Caleb, Christopher and other transaction coordinators have been doing is putting themselves involved in transactions being the EMD lender or the Gator lender. And also putting themselves in position where they can also do the JV wholesale it and find that buyer and make an additional chunk of money. Makes sense. But I do think what you did with the other deal, being the end buyer for it, that's pretty gangster, man. That's what it is. I think I might end up being the buyer for this deal. So now we're going to be renegotiating again if I do end up buying it. So that's a good point. Thank you for bringing that up. Yeah, no problem. There's so many opportunities here. It's insane. When people say, I've been trying to start in a real estate and I've been trying to start in real estate for two years. I'm like, dude, are you kidding me? There are thousands of ways to get your hands on a transaction. And I'm teaching you guys, honestly, one of the lowest hanging pieces of fruit in this business is just lending, like lending five grand and getting $4,000 back. Holy crap. If you guys can't do that, go back and just work for somebody. Holy moly. I don't know what else to tell you. You can't do this. This is literally a full-time business. You could do it. It is a full-time business. And it hasn't even, like the thing is I've shown you guys tier one. And what I'm going to do is probably for the next month, as I'll continue to teach you guys on tier one before we go to tier two, which is doing transactional funding in double closes and stuff like that.