 Great. And before I move on to anyone else, I want to make sure we answer questions regarding the documents that we have in here today. Everyone's asking so many great questions. But I just want to make sure that we get those questions answered regarding these documents. Can the the leftovers that I have with questions, can you put in the chat? Do you have a question regarding the escrow instructions or do you have a question regarding something else? Because I'd like to get the these specific gator dot questions out of the way first, because I did only plan this for an hour, Sean, I'm not sure how much time you plan to stay with us today. Yeah, unfortunately I have a consult at 11. So it looks like Blake, you do have a question. So Blake, I'm going to have you unmute yourself. Blake Henderson. All right. Hi. Yeah. Yeah. So I had a question I ran into through an opportunity to digator land on E and D and it's on the earnest money loan agreement on number six, section six, it's the repayment to the lender upon loss of earnest money. And they were asking me basically like if I don't get my money back, what happens? And so I told them, you know, this this area to the 25% interest rates added to the let the loan. But how is that secured if it's not if it's just on earnest money, it's not actually an asset necessarily. How do I ensure to get that? So the next section and I realized there was some number numbering issues on an old version that this newest version has the correct numbering. If you look at paragraph six, probably your paragraph seven, it talks about security. And basically it says that the repayment of the deposit lender fees. So lender fees are fees that are paid to wire the funds, for example. So it's like 30 bucks or 50 bucks or whatever. Acrued interest and any other amounts are secured by and by grants lender a lien against any funds held in any escrow for on or on be for on behalf of or for the benefit of the buyer for any real say transaction, which buyers this set is the buyer seller assigned or and then you can file a UCC one financing statement with the secretary of state or whatever department or agency handles the filing of UCC ones for for the state in which the property is located. So basically what you do is you you file a UCC one where this buyer is operating. And if you can find out where they have other escrow's open then you go to the title company you need to deliver your UCC one and say hey before you make a payment to the buyer I'm a you know 10 grand you need to pay that money to me. Awesome thank you so much for answering that.