 Okay, so let's go to the second personality type. All right, second personality type is going to be, we all understand the first personality type. Cool. Let me reshare this. This is kind of funky. All right, cool. So here we go. First personality type is a whale. Second personality type is a dolphin. Okay. Very different personality type. They actually want to be involved. They're very playful. Okay. A lot of these are doctors, lawyers, stuff like that that haven't really reached the point of being a whale yet. They really want to brag to their friends. Do you think the whale brags their friends about lending money to you? But the dolphin does. Okay. This one is so interesting. I'll show you guys exactly how to find these people. It's very interesting how to find these people. So typically they're a little bit higher interest rate. They ate to 10%. They want simple interest. It's never amortized, which means it never pays down. It's interest only. Okay. It's interest only. They get no ownership. They will do both long term and short term. So long term is usually five to seven years. Short term is three to 12 months. They're fast. They fun deals very fast. Okay. They're agile like a dolphin, which is why I named them the dolphins. They're very talkative. They want to talk to you. These are long term relationships. These are people that you just love for a long, long time. These are amazing people. A couple of places to find these people. Okay. Write this down. Okay. I'll write this down for you. It would be great. You guys don't even know this. Okay. Number one, the first place to find these lenders is from my seller. Okay. Have you guys ever watched wholesale hotline where I bring in Desiree, my private money lender? Anybody seen those episodes where I bring in Desiree? I found her by buying her house wholesale. Okay. She sold her house to us on Wolf Street. And she gave us $110,000. Or I'm sorry, we bought the house for $110,000. Now it's sick to my stomach that I sold the house for $110,000. It's probably worth $350,000 right now. But she received $110,000. And what did I ask? Check this out. Uee Win said the same thing. My seller is my private money lender on the house I'm buying from her. Pretty cool, huh? John Harcar says the same thing. That's exactly how I got my first lender. Now for those of you who are not, okay. Ryan Peterson same thing. Says we have $200,000 at 12% from a seller too. Where are you going to do with those proceeds? That's the question. There you go. So Desiree, I asked Desiree the question, what are you gonna do with the money? What are you planning on doing with the money? Have you guys ever watched my seller calls where I actually ask sellers like, what are you gonna do with the money? It's a trained mechanism with me. Okay, now the problem is how many people in here are not marketing to sellers. Okay, you are not marketing to sellers. And so that's a problem, right? You're maybe working with agents, dummy real estate agents. And you're working with other people that have no ability to communicate with a seller. You're gonna be kind of screwed in that situation. You're not gonna be able to talk to a seller about their private money because you're not talking to sellers. You're talking to realtors who don't have any money, unfortunately. So you're not gonna get money that way. But a really great way to find dolphins are your sellers. Another way to find these people, you guys have seen me bring my lenders on here. Another way to find these people, a lot of times you'll go to meetups. Okay, third way to find them is having a podcast. Now, you guys all think this is an interesting thing. You guys all think that people that are running social media campaigns and they're on social media and all that kind of stuff, they're just trying to get attention. You're right. We are trying to get attention. We're trying to get eyeballs. Who's eyeballs are we trying to get? We're trying to get three people's eyeballs. Okay, three people's eyeballs, I'm trying to get every single day. I'm trying to get three people's eyeballs every day. I'm trying to get lenders, private money lenders. I want to bring private money lenders into my world. And I want to go do big projects and do cool things with them. Second thing I want is I want to recruit employees or business opportunities. Okay, and the third thing that I want is I want deals. Those are the three things I want. So when you guys are not utilizing Instagram or social media or podcasts or YouTube or you're not coming into side chats like this, you're screwing yourself because you're second guessing what people are going to think about you on social media. Okay, get a podcast, get a YouTube channel, post on Instagram, get on TikTok, do funny things. That truly is one of the greatest things you can do to find lenders like the dolphin. Okay, now there's a really great book that teaches some of this stuff. I already knew this, but when I read this book, let's see, raising private capital, there it is. Great book, Matt Faircloth has now become a recent acquaintance and becoming friends with him. But check it out, raising private capital. This is a good book. And if you read this book, it's about chapter six that it starts picking up but he has a whole chapter on, look how highly rated this is. It's a great book. Okay, I would suggest getting this book and reading it. It's about chapter six that it starts actually educating you on things. Hold on, am I screen sharing right now or no? I'm not, sorry. Here we go. So this is the book, raising private capital using other people's money. Okay, really great book. It's by Matt Faircloth. And he talks, he has a couple of good chapters and they're about social media and how that's now the new business card. So like a lot of you guys will think that you guys want me to teach you a really great strategy. It's very simple. Anybody can do it. Even you that don't use social media. If you don't use social media, say type in the word BEEP. Congratulations, you've played yourself. You have screwed yourself. I mean, you have guys, social media is the currency of our generation. Your business, oh guys, I haven't had a business card in six years. If you are printing business cards and flyers and doing that kind of stuff, you guys are screwing up. Oh my gosh, use social media. If you are not using social media, you are dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. In fact, here's the word you should type in. If you are not using social media to gain either deals, recruit employees or business partners or private money lenders, type in the word irresponsible because that's what you are. You're irresponsible. You're an irresponsible business owner. You're not taking yourself seriously and you're not utilizing modern era techniques to further your business. Okay. You're freaking irresponsible. That's what you are. Write that down on a piece of paper. Write it down on your notes. You are freaking irresponsible. Irresponsible. People are like, I hate this guy. There's always 10% of people that watch my stuff that just hate me because of the way I teach, but it's true. You guys are irresponsible if you're not using social media. Okay. Now, let me show you another thing that's pretty freaking dope. You guys ready for like a super ninja tactic? All right, check it out. So my wife sent me a screenshot. I wouldn't be nowhere without my wife, by the way. Check this out. Let's pull this up. So this morning I sent her text like 552. I was like, hey, can you pull up a house of ours that has two lenders on it? I need copies of deeds of trust for a house with more than one lender. Okay. So my wife goes to SmartView Online. Okay, she found this house that we just sold. This is Frank West Capital. This is our hard money lender and you can click on that. I'm not gonna click on that because that's a hard money lender. That's easy. We'll talk about that in a little bit. And then Deborah Stevenson, one of my private lenders, an individual, okay. She said you sold it last week, but it's the first one that comes in mind. So check this out. Watch how simple this is. Public record shows these documents. This is public record, guys. Okay, when recorded, look, official records, check this out. Guys, official records of Maricopa County recorder. Steven Ricker. Hey, I'm on a Zoom with 800 people. They all, was that a good call? Give me a couple hours. Yep, bye. Sorry, guys, I was Cody Barton, my partner. Okay, so can we see that this is recorded on Maricopa County records? Every county does this. There's not a county in the country. Listen to me. Deborah Stevens is in second position. Some of you guys don't know what second position is, but I will teach you what second position is. Can I find second position lenders online with public record? Did any of you guys know that? Did anybody actually know that you can do this? So when people say, where do I find lenders? Where do I find private lenders? Guys, it's on public record. Go to your county recorder's office and pull up every house that has a second lean position on it. Okay, so this is my lender. Here's our document. This is the deed and this is the deed of trust. This is what gave her security. We'll get into paperwork and all that kind of stuff in a little bit. But this is what gave her security was this deed of trust. And here she is. That's Cody signing and saying, yes, we're gonna pay her back. But this is how you can pull up. Let's see, does it show how much she gave us? Let's see. Oh yeah, there it is right here. This deed of trust is given for the purpose of securing. Right? Check that out. $60,000. We borrowed from Deborah Stevenson. $60,000 from Deborah Stevenson. Okay. Now, do you think it's pretty easy to now find? Look at this. Equity Trust Company, custodian FBO Deborah, Stevenson IRA, West Lake, Ohio. Could I maybe skip trace Deborah Stevenson and could I maybe find Deborah Stevenson? And I could say, hey, I saw you loaned money on this house on Diamond. I'm looking for private money lender. Feel like you guys, have you guys fallen asleep? This is not valuable anymore? I honestly should just finish the Zoom right now because if you guys ever say, you don't need social media, you could just go here, right? You could just go to public data. That's my private money lender is on public data. On every deal I've ever done, my private money lenders are on every deal. You guys can pull up every house I give you and you can find my private money lender. If you can find out how much interest I'm paying them, you can find out the structure in which I'm paying them because the agreement, which is the note and the deed of trust, are recorded on county records everywhere. All 50 states is recorded on all 50 county recorders offices. So if you ever asked the question of, how do I find a private money lender ever again, what would you call yourself? Would you call yourself a knucklehead? Lazy, you showed up late. Is there any possible way that you could ever say you can't find a private money lender? It is on public record every state, every county has public record of people's security on real estate. I'm trying to get you guys. I'm trying to get you guys to understand this by being really terse with you. This is not my normal personality. This is my personality when I'm talking to free Zoom. People that have never paid me, I don't know how, most of the people that watch YouTube, like in my YouTube lives, man, no offense to them, but they are like all just consumers of content. They're so used to grow. Okay. They're so used to just consuming content that you don't actually learn anything. So I'm trying to get you to stop, pause for a second, and think about this. Where can I find private money lenders? I've never found a private money lender at a golf course. Never once. I'm a member of a golf course. I'm a member of a major country club, and I've never found a private money lender there. Now, those guys are private money lenders, but they don't want to be bothered. You think men go to the golf course to be bothered by other men about lending money? No. Larry Fitzgerald, no. Larry Fitzgerald is a member of my country club, and he's the nicest guy in the world, but he very, his body language says, leave me alone. I'm here to get away from all the bullshit. I don't want to be around my wife. I don't want to be around my kids. I just need a couple of hours to myself. Do you think men want to be bothered about money on the golf course? No. No, no, no, no, no. People think that that's where you find private money. Country clubs is not where you find private money. People say chambers of commerce, but I've never raised money from chambers of commerce. I've just given you some of the greatest places to find them. Let me see if I can find one. Now, here's the thing. I'll show you a couple of different personality types, but most of the lenders I have are not who you guys would think they are. Okay. Most of you guys are probably thinking these people are worth. What would you guys say the average private money lender I have is worth? Just throw a number out. How much do you think my average private money lender is worth? Interesting. I'd say my average private money lender is probably worth $150,000 to $500,000. Legitimately, you guys are overthinking the private money lending situation dramatically. When you guys, and this is why I'm doing this, this is a mindset shift for you guys. Everybody thinks of a private money lender as this. I have two private money lenders that are Wales, too. I probably have 30 or 40 that are dolphins. Okay. People that are like, hey, I don't know that I ever want to be like an investor, but I want to be active. I want to brag to my friends. I'll stop by the projects every once in a while. These are doctors, lawyers, engineers, these are nurses, stuff like that. Pff.