 All right. Do you want to take one more question? Sure. All right. It looks like MJ, you have a question regarding the docs, the docs. Cool. Thank you so much. Appreciate your time. Okay. I hopefully will have a something to lend on here soon. And I just want to make sure I got the docs in order. So in the perfect world, if they use our wholesale contract, then what I need to submit is that contract with the verbiage on there, releasing the EMD sign by the seller. I need to submit that and then the earnest money loan agreement, which is signed by me and the wholesaler or the buyer. And laying out all the terms and, you know, the money return and all that good stuff. Do I submit that plus the since I was going into escrow, do I also send in the escrow instructions release of the EMD. So the no, you don't send the other money. You don't send the other money. Okay. Go ahead. MJ, I'm just going to keep you muted. Just until we can answer the question. So you don't submit the earnest money loan agreement to title, but you submit everything else, right? You submit the purchase contract and then you provide the earnest money deposit in conjunction with the purchase contract when it goes to title. Then you submit the all of the escrow instructions. So the first escrow instruction is the well, no, strike that. And then you build back the escrow instruction signed by the seller and you only use that if the contracts canceled during escrow and the title companies refusing to release the funds. So that when you hold back. The two escrow instructions that you submit to title are the first very first one, which is the. The assignment of earnest money deposit in irrevocable escrow instructions. So this one just deals with the fact that you own basically the earnest money and you own it all the way up till closing. So this is anything that happens pre closing where the buyer is going to otherwise receive the earnest money back, you're telling title, well, it's not theirs. It's mine. And you can't give it back to them. You give it back to me. That's what this first document does. So this covers a scenario where the earnest money is going to ever at any point be returned to the buyer for any reason. One reason could be that they assigned it and they ended up obtaining an earnest money deposit from the assigned E that goes into escrow. And then they're like, oh, well, that's the replacement deposit. You can give me mine back. Well, no, that still goes to you as the lender. That's yours. Basically, this document's telling title, the earnest money, yours. It goes to you. So that's the first document. Then the second document. And this is the one you want to come into play. Right. This is this is it. I mean, this is why you do what you do and why you make the gator loan. This document basically says, hey, you're about to close, which is fabulous. And we're all going to be happy. And so from the closing, I get the deposit back and I get my compensation. That's what this documents tells the escrow agent. They don't need to see the earnest money agreement. They just need to see this instruction signed by you. And the buyer slash, you know, a sign E assign or in the transaction and this basically states that you get your earnest money back. And you receive your pay, you know, compensation. So your fee, your percentage of the assignment fee, you know, whichever you've chosen there. That's that's to be used when it closes, but you submit both of them the title. But once pre closing, once at closing, if that makes sense. Perfect. All right. MJ, I'm going to let you in the other time. Oh, can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Great. Thank you. So if they use our contract and I submit that contract in the escrow and the irrevocable escrow instructions payment from buyer at closing. Those are the only two things I'm submitting. I'm getting the JV agreement or the that first document signed, but I'm holding that back. Did I get that right? Correct. So the three documents that get submitted to escrow when you open escrow are the purchase contract. The assignment. A verminist money deposit as well as the, as well as the. The irrevocable escrow instructions payment from buyer at closing. Those are the three documents. You'll submit to the title company when you open escrow purchase contract assignment and escrow instructions and then the irrevocable escrow instructions for closing. Gotcha. And if they don't use our contract, then I have the seller signed the irrevocable escrow instructions. Correct. Along with the other two documents you just mentioned. Yeah, and I would have the seller even with the contract because the title title says, oh, we want a separate writing signed by the seller or separate instructions signed by the seller to release the earners money, even if that language is in the purchase contract. So I would, you know, tell the buyer, hey, look, get the seller to sign this. We'll just hold it. If title gives us a hard time, we'll pull it out and say, well, here's your, you know, separate writing or your separate instruction. Got it. Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate. You bet. All right, guys. And I'm sure that was your next meeting calling you Sean. So I know you have an 11. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. All right, everyone. I'm so sorry if we didn't get to your question. I'm sure we'll have plenty more of these meetings, but Sean, thank you so much for taking the time today. Thank you. If anyone has questions about these documents, I'm sure there's lots of people in this group that can ask that can answer them. You guys have the Gator Discord channel. Go in there, ask your questions, try and get your questions answered from other people. Otherwise, we'll do this again soon. I'm sure. So thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you.