 Now, the swimmer is where the majority of my private money lenders came from for a very long time. Okay? Swimmers, right? Because I'm going to Rias. I'm going to meet ups. I'm going to places where other people are trying to invest. But the problem with most people trying to invest is they might have a little bit of money. 30, 40, $100,000. But they're like, I can't find deals. I don't know how to find deals. I don't know how to talk to sellers. I don't know how to get an acquisition person. I don't know how to get a house under contract. I don't know. I don't know. Like all that kind of stuff. Have you guys, has anybody ever felt like I want to get into real estate? I have 30, 40, 50,000 dollars. But I don't know how to get my hands into a transaction. That's typically a swimmer. That's somebody's like, I'm sick of talking about it. I'm sick of paying for education. I'm sick of being on YouTube, thinking it's teaching me anything. I'm sick of reading books and going to semis are doing all that kind of stuff. I just need to put 30 grand or 50 grand or $100,000 into a deal. That is a swimmer. Because what they learn is they learn by doing. They learn by being in a transaction. This is where most of my private money lenders come to me. They come to me for a temporary period of time. Okay? A retiree is typically not a swimmer. They are typically a dolphin. They don't really want to do it themselves. They just want to be active in it until their friends are doing it. That's a dolphin. A swimmer is somebody who actually is going to come in, say, teach me how to swim and then they will leave. They're going to leave, leave, leave you. Every one of my swimmers leaves me. Every one of them might be a year, might be two years, it might be three years, but every single one of my swimmers ends up learning how to swim and leaving me. So I get a lot of people. I'm going to give you guys my email. If you guys are wanting to be a swimmer with us, there's my email. You guys can also be a camel with us. I'm going to tell you what a camel is. The swimmers are in the deal. They're in my Slack channel. This is what's kind of cool about swimmers. You do a little screenshot on the Slack channel for anybody really wants to understand this. So the Slack channel, if you guys are in my deal, let's see what's a deal that we're actively, let's see, where's Coolidge? Coolidge, here Coolidge, here's a good one. Okay, so cool. Oh, this one's almost done. Cool. So you'll see like inspection reports, you'll see the way that our team communicates, you'll see my wife and they're all the time here. She is, by the way, 30-day old baby and my wife isn't here cranking. Who has excuses? Not my wife. Holy crap, this looks insane. There's no way this is the same freaking house. Oh, it's the wrong, why did she, oh, that's Diamond. Very Coolidge. There we go. Way different house. This house was on the TV show of Triple Digit Flip, Jamil and I walked across this pool. It was so full of trash. And look at the plumbing getting done. You guys can see the way my team communicates. You can see the way we manage our finances. You can see my bookkeeper in here. If you were a swimmer in one of our projects, you would be one of my lenders attached to this deal. You would actually be, if I pulled up all the people on this deal, you can see who my lenders. Oh, Debbie Lou. Debbie Lou is my lender here. So right here, Debbie Lou. Is Debbie in here? Debbie are you in here? She might not be in here. Who knows Debbie Lou? Okay, a lot of people know Debbie Lou. Debbie Lou has loaned me millions of dollars. Now, it doesn't mean she has millions of dollars. It's just that she's been into multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple transactions in mind. So Debbie Lou lends money because she's like, I don't have time to find deals like you guys do, but I want to be actively involved in deals. No, $20,000 is not too small of a amount of money to be a private money lender. No. We have private money lenders at fund $5,000, $10,000, $20,000, all that kind of stuff. Okay. So again, if you guys are wanting to be a swimmer, you can be a swimmer on our team. You can learn how to swim. You can be involved in the deal. Just send me an email and I'll put you in touch with Molly. Okay. I thought Tony counts as a private money lender. I message her. Apparently she's gone. She's not a private money lender. She's my bookkeeper. She runs all my books. You'll see her in every one of my transactions. She runs a bookkeeping. Okay. She makes sure that all of our lenders get paid. She's not a lender. She's a, she's a person that pays the lender. Okay. So, do we understand what a swimmer is? Okay. All right. Cool. Now, typically with a swimmer, they just want, you know what, they're super sweet. They wish they were you. This is what their desires are. Teach me how to do it. I want to get involved. I'm sick of talking about it. I'm sick of, you know, wanting to sit and basically sitting on the banks of the river, wishing I was, I was in there swimming. Teach me how to swim in the river so I can just get involved. They want to learn by doing. Who's a learn by doing type of person, right? Now, usually we're paying 10 to 12% interest. That's simple interest. There's no, it's not being paid down. It's interest only. They get no ownership. It is always short term. They never really want to do long term. And they are okay with second lane position all day long. Debbie Lewis and second position on that deal. Okay. Let's see. They want to do their own, they want to do their own thing one day and that's why they're lending money to you so they can be in it. They just want to learn. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.