 Now, next person is the shark. Okay? They're already doing deals. Okay? They're already doing deals, but they don't have enough deals, but they have a lot of money. So they're going to come in. They're going to move and shake. They're already doing real estate. They're smart, smart, smart, and they're hungry, hungry, hungry. They want what's on your plate, too. Okay? Interest is really not interesting to them, because they understand the person that makes the majority of the money is the person doing the deal. So what do they want? Guys, I'm a shark. Okay? I don't lend money to people because I have two. I have more money than I have deals. Okay? So I'm not really going out there. Like, for me, I'd rather just find more deals than lend money to you, because I know I had to find deals. But if somebody comes to me and goes, Hey, I want you to lend money to you and go, Great. Give me ownership and equity. Plus 12% interest. It's typically short term, and they want control. Okay? They want control. Now you guys are going to have to learn how to differentiate these people by having conversations with them and say, What are you looking for? What do you need? What do you want? Okay? This is a shark. These are people that are active real estate investors that are actively doing deals. Once they get a taste for blood like a shark, they just want more of it. Okay? So what happens is a lot of times these swimmers turn into sharks over time. Okay? That's my job. When you are lending money to me, you start as a swimmer. I teach you how we do what we do. And one day you leave me and you end up starting to lend money to other people and you gain equity and other people's stuff. Okay? But you need to know how to be a private money lender properly. And when you finally do learn how to do it, you become a shark. Okay? And shark is not hard money, by the way. Sorry, Gary, it's not hard money. We're not talking about hard money today. Okay? Tech-Chang and a bunch of people have their hands raised. Do you guys have specific questions as it pertains to raising capital? Because if you don't, I will cut you off in the middle of your sentence. Tech, how you doing? I was typing in there, paste, that I'm good. Don't worry about it. Awesome. Chad. We're sharing it. Hello? Can you hear me okay? I can hear you great. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing awesome. I am a newer student of yours. Very thankful to be a part of your sub-two program now. Thank you, bro. Yeah, yeah. The first deal was that I got was thanks to yours and Brent's video on the on door knocking on pre-foreclosure. Yeah, on the A-Way. That's a great video. That's a great, great sub-ay. Yeah, I got a $93,000 deal from that. So thanks. No way. Yeah. You got a $93,000 deal from Brent and my, it was the pre-foreclosure mastery in 2020. Yeah, that's amazing. I'm actually doing a podcast with him in a couple of weeks. I've got so many deals. I've got multiple deals under contract, made $34,000, just in land stuff last month and amazing. And you'll have to excuse me. I'm watching my two kiddos. Oh, it's all good. It might get a little wild, but so anyway, I just haven't actually had a chance to say thank you. I've been a part for about a month. How's it been? You enjoy being part of the community? Oh my gosh. I'm the best. Best in the world. It's indescribable, honestly. It's impossible for me to describe the sub-to community to people who are on the outside. They think it's like some fictitious world that I've made up, but it's definitely not. No, it's incredible. So super thankful to be here. Thanks for taking my question. I came in and raised my hand first because I've got about four deals under contract right now. Six total, but two are closing this week. A couple of them I'm going to need. Well, several needs some private money. So I just had a quick question about that. Hopefully that's okay. Hold on one second. Hold on. So I have a private money lender, one who's a family member has a lot of money. And they don't really want to fool with sending me wires and short-term stuff. Part of my problem has been, and I've got a banker as well. He's actually wanting to send me clients because he wants to learn from me. As a result, my biggest bottleneck right now, and sorry if my kid's crying in the background, but my kid's crying. I'm kidding. Don't worry about it. Okay, I love him. They're wonderful. But my biggest concern is trying to understand how to structure, like how to present it to him, like, for example, like a family member is like, yeah, can I just like give you $100,000 and then, you know, you pay me interest on that a year and do what you want with it. And I'm like, okay, that could work. But there's this thought process that I don't understand. Like, well, if some of that's illiquid and I put it into something and they want their $100,000 back at the end of the year. So there's just, I just don't really know how to set this up because I'm talking to a banker and he's got private money relationships. I might offer him, I don't know, like, a percent or something just rebranded it to me because I'm in this mode where I'm like, I'm already creating such a tax burden on myself. And after watching your videos, I'm realizing, wow, that's really stupid. The keep wholesaling when I can keep stuff. So that's brought me to my next problem, which is private money. And the only thing, my only problem right now is I don't know how to sell it. I don't know how to sell it, like come to them confidently and know what I'm going to do with their money. I know where to put it, but I don't know how to structure it. Okay. So Chad, let me pause you for a second because you're asking five different questions. You think you're... Yes, that's what you do the case. Okay, so first and foremost, you don't sell private money lenders. They either want to lend money to you or they don't. Do you heard Yara a little bit ago? Do you think I had to sell Yara on lending money to me? No. Okay, so if you ever feel like you have to sell somebody on lending money to you, then they're not a private money lender. Got it. What I'm more so meant was... I know, I know what you meant. I know what you meant. I'm just trying to close that word off for 830 people watching. Got it. Remember, I'm talking through you to 830 people, right? I'm answering your question not just for yourself, but 830 people. So let's close the word sell a private money lender out of our vocabulary. I know that's not necessarily what you meant, but I'm just making sure that that is a dress before I move on for everybody else. Guys, do we sell private money lenders on bringing money to us? Or do you think... Do you think I had to sell Yara on lending money to me? Do you think I had to sell Debbie Lou or Paul Liffon Lason or other people that are in the side chat on lending money to me? That's not what we do here. Okay, there's a tremendous benefit to these lenders. And I haven't gone through the other personality types, but I'll show you a couple of different personality types here after I answer this question. Where'd you... Oh, did you mute yourself? You muted yourself. Oh, raise your hand again. So we're not... We don't sell private money lenders, okay? So the conversation here, Chad, Chad, did you mute yourself on purpose? Because your kids were being rowdy? Yeah. Okay, bro, you don't need to worry about that. I got kids too. Okay. All right. Okay. What happens when I unmute you? I also lower your hand so you're no longer at the top. So then I have to go filter through 830 people to unmute you again. You know what I'm saying? So just keep yourself unmuted. You're fine. Okay. Okay. So you have somebody has $100,000. Okay. So this structure... Listen to this, everybody. The 832 people, the structure of the deal is determined by the deal itself and the desire of the lender. Okay. So do you know what the desire of the lender is? Yes. Doing as little as possible. Here's $100,000. Pay me 10% and do what you want with it. Okay. Interesting because you just told me the structure of a deal and you're asking me how to structure the deal. Well, if I take that 100 and put it in multiple deals, I'm concerned about the liquidity and being able to pull that money out and giving it back. If I haven't spread out over 15 to like 10 different deals. Okay. The reason you're filling that way is because you're new to brazing private capital. So let's remind ourselves the ways I pay people back. One of the ways I pay people back is either from my cash flow, right? I could also refinance or I could even replace that lender with another lender. So do you think it's plausible that in the next year that either a your family member is going to enjoy receiving this check every single month that they'll actually enjoy keeping your keeping their money involved with you even beyond the year they're thinking. Do you know why they're telling you a year, Chad? Because they think that's appropriate and they haven't had the taste of the blood of receiving that check. So as you start, here's a really great one. Okay. I have a lender, Alison Gustafson, who I just paid off. Let me show you a little quick text message with Alison. Okay. With Alison, I told her, Hey, I'm paying you off. Okay. And what she says is she says, Oh, no. Do you have other in what's funny? Let me show this to you. This was March 10th. So this is really recent. Okay. This one's a really good one for you to see because it pertains to you because it's the psychology. And guys, I'm answering a question that a lot of you people will have. Okay. I'm answering a question. A lot of you will end up happening having. So even though you don't have it right now, believe me, you will run into having this at some point. Okay. So here's the answer right here with Alison. Let's see. There it is. Alison, I text her out. I text her on March 10th, paying you off today. Tony or Molly will be reaching out for the payoff soon. She says, do you have any others we can invest in? I have a missionary that it was paying for. So she's a Mormon. Obviously Mormons have missionary children that are out on their missions. Um, I have a missionary that it was paying for. And you guys are awesome. And it was, it's been amazing investing with you. She listened to this chat originally told me she only wanted to lend money to me for six months because she didn't know what it felt like to receive a simple interest check only every month without her principle balance ever dwindling. So she loaned us. I think she loaned us $48,000. A year and four months later is how long I've had this money. A year and four months later, how much money do I still owe her? Chad, same amount, $48,000, right? But she's received a check every single month. So she started out saying, I only want to give you six months of this money. Why? Because is that because of the desire she had or because of her inexperience based on never receiving a simple interest only check? The inexperience. Okay. So could we, is it plausible to say that your family member that has never received a check from you is giving you a short time frame of 12 months because they don't have the level of trust yet that would allow them to go beyond the 12 months. That's true. That's option A. I'm going to move to option B. But I just want to close the door on that that in your mind, you need to understand a lot of times people put limitations on how long they want to have their money with you because they don't understand how awesome it is to receive just a simple interest only check in Alison. Same exact thing. I don't know. I guess I could go to six months. I could go to six months. Bro, now she's like, wait, you're paying me off. Do you have any others we can invest in? And of course, I have a big multi-family project that I'm putting people into right now. So she's excited. She's rolling her money into that deal. So the second thing that you need to know, first thing we need to know is that a lot of people that put in their short time frame just need to be shown that they're going to receive a check and that they're secure in real estate. So if at the end of 12 months, it's not that their money's gone. It's just that you might be able to say, hey, I need another six months or another 12 months on this money. And I'll bump you from 10% to 11% for this second year. You can renegotiate. Okay. Okay. And that's what I would do is I at the, let's say you go to the 11 month mark and option C is not available for you option A is your family member is going to extend because they're now used to this money. It's free money to that, right? I almost want to show you guys my coin based account to show you my crypto. Anybody that invests in crypto, Bitcoin, Ethereum, all that kind of stuff. It's a total scam. It's total. And stocks are the same. It's all the same. It's a scam. So what's happened is over the last year of me investing in stocks and crypto and all this other stuff, I've lost money. But if I took that same amount of money and I put in real estate, it would have quadrupled my money, right? So lending on real estate is the only, only, only safe investment. It is the only safe investment. Everything else is a risk and everything else is a gamble. Real estate is not a gamble. It's only a gamble based on if you have a short time frame. So let's say that the market does crash in six months, Chad, which is totally plausible. It doesn't mean that your family members lost their money. It just means they have to wait a little bit longer to get it. Okay. So in option A, your family member is either going to say, Hey, let's extend this. This party's awesome. I want to stay longer at the party or they're going to say, or the market's going to crash and you go, Hey, I need to extend based on circumstances, but your money is still safe and I'm still making cash flow and all that kind of stuff. The property is worth half of what it was when I bought it, but the cash flow is still the same. So I can still pay you. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. That's what I want to hear, but that's a real answer. That's okay. I like answers. I don't want to hear. Okay. Next part, let me, let me finish these last other two options and then you, I'll pause and you can ask another question. So option B would be to sell the properties and pay them off. Right. If it's like a family member that you're fearful of losing a relationship because you have to extend, then just go to option B and sell the property. Option C would be refinance the property, right? Or option D, go and find another lender and replace them. And after a month or two of them not getting that check anymore, they'll go, Hey, do you have another project that can invest in? So those are your options. What are your, what questions do you have? Well, and also I'm trying to just not just use a family member. So I'm raising private capital to all the other ways that you said sellers, all that good stuff. But one thing as far as integrity goes that I would be concerned about would be if she's like, okay, here's 100, you know, basically revolving line of credit or if something. Maybe it'd be an account I could draw from. I don't know. I'm still saying never, ever, ever, ever, ever do that. Well, that was my concern. That's what I was trying to figure out because I get people that come to me and go, I'll just wire you 100 grand directly to you and you can use it however you want. Never do that. That's what I was saying because I don't want the money. I wanted to go to escrow. I wanted to be, I wanted to all be handled that way. You know, like you were, that was my question was, if she's like always again at the very beginning of this live two, two and a half hours ago, I said very Russian Eskimo, it's not an important question because it's an it's a question. I've already answered at the very beginning. What did I say? I said never under any circumstances take money in your personal account, your business account. It always goes where? Esgro. Esgro. Yes. It's always 100% tied to a real estate transaction and every single time you buy your lender, a lender's policy. 100% of the time. If you how long? Sorry. Go ahead. How long? It's interesting that I've already answered this question though like in depth. No, I was listening. I know, but I just this is this is me saying this out loud for me like how do I how do I do this better? Because I answered this very specifically earlier, but I think it's just that earlier in the zoom, it's interesting to hear it, but it only becomes important when it's your specific deal that you can actually put the deals together, which I appreciate because this I think answers it for a lot more people because it's now like an actual circumstance. So I appreciate it. I'm just speaking out loud for myself for like how do I educate better? Absolutely. So what's your question about that? Well, it was just saying she was basically, hey, here's this available capital. We'll figure out a way to structure that and she's been like, let me send it. I've been saying no, no, like not going to happen. I don't care who you are. I'm not going to take money into any account that is not linked with an attorney for the sake of the tag. If God himself came down and told me God himself comes down and says, here's a here's a chest of gold. I'd say take it to the title company. That's awesome. I don't want to touch your money. The only way I'm ever going to touch your money is after the transaction is closed, the title company that gave you a lender's policy to protect your money, then distributes the money from their account to my account. The flow needs to be documented properly. And it needs to have protection with a note and a deed of trust on every deal. So if you don't know how long, absolutely, if you don't know how long you're going to need the money for, say, but you in the note, okay. So this is where we're going to give them to the paperwork here shortly. But the way you structure a deal, let me ask you guys a question. Pay attention to this because this is going to answer the question of how do I struck? How do I do the paperwork? How do I do the paperwork? Guys, there's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. You guys know that there's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. There is, I'm going to say it again, there's no such thing as a private money lending agreement. It's called a note and a deed of trust. It's a promissory note. It's literal. It's very literal. I promise to pay you and whatever I promise you, we're putting this in a note, a document, a note. Therefore, it's called a promissory note. I promise everything in this note is how I'm going to pay you back, okay. It's called a promissory note. That note is secured, recorded. The document is taken by the, by the title company, not by you, by the title company, and the title company goes to the counter recorder's office and records it on the digital property. So that if I pull up a property on the county recorder's office, it's going to show who owes what money on that house. Through a deed of trust or a mortgage, depending on what state you're in. So what a promissory note is actually called, this is what you guys want to hear. What a promissory note is actually called, also called a note. People make it very short and they call it a note. When we say the word note, we actually, we're doing it wrong, okay. Let's see, a promissory note. Let's see, this one's really good. I'll pull this one out. Chad, this is a great question. Thank you for bringing this up. Thanks. By the way, this has been answered to probably the 10th degree inside of our sub-tus stuff. So if I don't get all the way through it and you still have questions, I would go and answer that. I would get that answer somewhere else or more in depth in the. Let's see, more in depth in the sub-tube vaults, hold on a sec. I think it's 78. This is all important and I just, I'm so visual that I have to see the stuff myself. And so let me share this with you. So this is the doc, these are the documents that you sign with a lender, okay. The lender right here. Look at this, look what it's actually called. It's a note secured by a deed of trust, okay. Secured means recorded, digitally recorded at the county recorders office. So these are the documents that you'll be able to see on anybody's property. So my, this is a seller finance note, seller finance it to me. And then you'll, you'll go down here. This is how long it is. It's literally one page with a signature. It's very simple. And it's just, you know, regular monthly installments of $375 with interest of 0%. This is 0% seller finance deal I did. Yes, I am a gangster. Then here's the deed of trust right here. Okay, this is the recording number. Okay, so recording requested by East title agency. And when it's recorded, please mail a copy of it to these people. Here's the escrow number. Here's the recording number. Guys, do you see how important this is? This is recorded against the property on county recorders office. This is very, very important for you, whether you are a private money lender or you are taking private money. 100% of every dollar you ever receive or give needs to be recorded with a note and a deed of trust through a title company or closing attorney without any exception whatsoever. Chad muted himself again because his kids are listening. You there. Yes, sir. What question do you have now? Okay, so my a lot of times I don't know how long I'm going to need the money for. Okay, so here's the magical thing about a note. Literally anything I can imagine can be written in that note. Okay, so what I would do is I'd say something to my family member like, hey, I don't know exactly how much time it's going to take. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say two years or less. I'm going to bake it out a long time or I'll even put in the note. I literally Chad anything I can imagine I can put my note. You know one of my notes with my seller. Okay, I did this. I did this with one of my sellers. This is legitimately true. I did this just to show students a year and four months ago that you can do anything with a note. Okay, so I negotiated with my seller on my Atlanta property that every time I come into Atlanta she had to take me to dinner. It is literally in my note that she has to take me to dinner. That is our agreement. Anything I want can be written in a note. No joke. So whatever your worry is, your issue, your whatever, you have to remember, how is a, how is a deal structured? I already told you it's structured by what is the deal you were doing and what is the desire of the lender? Okay, so your deal, I don't know when I'm going to be able to pay you back. So why not give yourself a buffer that makes you comfortable and your lender? Hey, lender, I don't know how long I'm going to keep this. So I'm going to put in the note if you're okay. I'm going to put in the note that it will be on or before this future date. I'm going to try and pay you as fast as possible, but I'm going to give myself a lot more runway just in case some ******s happen. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Has that sufficiently sufficiently answered the question? Yes, it has. Okay, now what I would do chat is when you come, when you get into that situation with the lender and you're with your title company, I would come into one of our sub two zooms, Tuesday, Q&A or a Sunday Q&A that I do and go, hey, pace, I'm working on my note. I've got it all the way to that finish line and I will literally like, I've paid my title company to write other students notes for them and go through it. And you'll as you watch, actually go, there's a couple of really good zooms that I've had my private title company that I own come in and structure notes for people and my students are all like, wait, there's no way it's that easy. Yeah, it's that easy. Sometimes you just need to be shown how easy it is because you've never done it before, right? So when you get to that point, whatever you feel comfortable with in the lender feels comfortable, that's what you end up putting in the note and the note is reek is do I write the note or does the title company write the note? The title company that is correct. You tell them what you want and they draft it and then who records it against the county recorder's office. They do. They do. And why do I record against the county recorder's office? One, that's one of the five things I give a lender to give them security is a note indeed of trust. That's one of five things I give them. The lender's policy is a second one. Okay. But I recorded against the county recorder's office because let's say I try and sell the property. Can I sell the property? Can I refinance the property? Can I do anything with that property without the permission of my lender? No. But what if there was no note indeed a trust secured to the property? Could I do whatever I wanted with that property? Absolutely. I don't care who you are. I don't care who they are. I don't care where the money is coming from or what the deals for 100% of the time put it on a note indeed of trust that makes sense for both of you. Okay. Can I ask one more question? I think a lot of people are probably learning a lot from this. So I'll answer whatever you got. I really appreciate your time. Thank you so much. I'm so I got to kind of figure this out by Wednesday because I'm actually using 25 grand to get a smoke an awesome deal. But are there any fixed terms? Like that you're like this has always got to be in here as a CYA. And then like you just talked about paperwork by basically just tell the attorneys, hey, this is what I won in there because I pretty much have to know this by Tuesday to structure this to tell them. Okay. Yes, I actually, hey, there's Daniel Mori. He's one of the people I've paid my title company to do a tight a note indeed of trust form. Awesome. So yes, standard stuff in a note indeed of trust. First and foremost, your title company you're closing attorney. I can tell you have drafted thousands of notes indeed of trust. Okay. You're not going to have to tell them what the standard stuff is. They already have a standard template that they use at their closing office 100. You going to them and educating them or telling them here's the basics would be somewhat offensive. Right. Right. So, but I understand what you're asking. The number one thing is what's my interest rate? When am I being paid? Right. So let's look at that. Let's pull up that note indeed of trust one more time with that seller and you are the person that gave me seller finance of 0% seller finance. Let's pull this up and I'll show you the terms of this deal. And you'll understand it's very one. It's a one page, but it's very basic. Let's pull this up. All right. Cool. 822 people. Are you guys learning anything today or is this pace is just intense day? Okay. Cool. So, here we go. I promise to pay. Okay. So the undersigned jointly and severally promise to pay Dell and Susan. So that's the people who are lending them money to me. And I'm paying them. Where am I paying them? How am I paying them? Where is it being paid? It's being paid title, tight, Magnus title servicing. So I actually hired a servicing company to manage my payments for me. Okay. That's something I will teach only to sub two students is what servicing companies are and what they do, etc. I'm not going to teach that in this zoom. So you want to say, who is it going to? Where do I actually make the payment? What is the principal sum? Okay. And then you want to say this one had a down payment on it. So I actually structure this is the most one of the most gangster deals I ever did because I structured my down payment. So they even sell or financed my down payment to me. So we won't I won't go over that section. So in regular monthly installments of $375 or more. So can I pay more money if I wanted to in this situation? Chad. Yes. Okay. Able on or before the same day of the month beginning in 2020 with interest all on all unpaid principal at the rate. So there we go. I got the interest rate. So here we go. We got who we got how much is the principal? We got what are my payments? What's my interest rate? Where am I making the payments to and how many payments and how long? So you see this literally everything is in one little paragraph. So what I would do is I will put this note. I'll put a screenshot of this note in the Facebook group for sub two real quick. Okay. Let me take a little screenshot of it for you and you can go in there and just take this. And you can give this to your peeps. Okay. So again, we've got who the money is owed to. We've got how much is owed to them starting at what date? What is my monthly payment specifically? Is that payment principal and interest or is it just principal? Is it just interest? What is it? Right. What's the terms? Is it amortized? Interest only? What are the terms of the money? And what day I'm supposed to pay? Then even in this, I have a late charge of $25 if I pay it 10 days later than I'm supposed to. So I have a 10 day. What leeway? What's the word I'm looking for? Grace period. 10 day grace period and then after it's $25 late fee. Right. So that's basically the terms of the entire thing. So when people say, what are the terms? Well, they're pretty, it's pretty simple. Right? Yes, it is. Right. So what what what what's another question you have for me? Okay. So I'm going to be closing on a deal Wednesday for 25,000. I'm going to talk with a family member. I'm also raising more private capital for feature. Right. Like you had said, they did to diversify that. But so I'm going to call the title company, tell them my terms. To get that set up. And we can do anything. So you'd probably recommend if we can interest only. But you're saying we can make principal payments ahead of time if we want to. Yeah. Here's the problem with this. Okay. Here's the problem with principal payments. Is that do you think that your lender wants you to make principal payments to them every month? Or is that just something you want to do? Right. Well, yeah, they'd rather have the interest. And not get out of your brain right now. Okay. Your lenders will get your guts. If every single month, they have to restructure their note. And because think about it, your note, indeed, of trust is based on a specific dollar amount. And you had to have a title company go and record that against the record at the recorders office. So let's say every month, you go, Hey, here's your interest for what I owe you. And then also here's an incremental payment of principal. Let's go back to that note, indeed, of trust and record a new one. Because now I don't owe you the same principal. Right. Would they would you if you were a lender of mine in every month, I was having your restructure the note, indeed, of trust because I paid down part of your principal. Wouldn't you freaking just hate my guts and not want to lend money to me again? Absolutely. Okay. So do you think you should be paying your principal down along the way? Nope. Okay. So what should I do with those that money? So on my deal with Sonya, what I did is I actually put it into an account and I let it stack up. And then at the end of the 12 months, I just paid her off in one fill swoop. Got it. Makes sense? It does. I'll actually tell you what I did with, I'll actually you want to know what I did with Sonya's money. Sure. As I was stacking up the money, I was going to pay to her. I put it in my transactional funding account. And I'll teach you guys about transactional funding here in just a little bit. I put it in my transactional funding account. So I would do transactional lending with that 20 or 15 or $30,000 for people for just a day or two. I have people all the time hitting me up and saying, hey, will you lend earnest money to me? I need $2500 for earnest money. I have a deal right now where somebody's asking me to lend $212,000 of earnest money on a big portfolio deal for like two weeks. And I they go, will pay you $10,000. They go, how about you pay me two of the houses? I'll pay your earnest money for the two of the houses. And I'm legitimately in that negotiation to get two houses out of this big portfolio they're buying because I was willing to just temporarily give them the $212,000 they need to close escrow on that deal. So wouldn't it be smart for you Chad to accumulate the principle that you're owing them and you just put it to the side based on your cash flow? And then use that money to do transactional lending by networking with other people in the sub two community who needs earnest money who needs this who needs that I can fund your money for I can fund you for 10 days for whatever you need. And now you're a shark now you're getting little bites of other people's stuff. It's actually not a shark. That's a alligator. I'll show you what an alligator is. So that's what I did with Sonya I accumulated that money that $30,000 and I was doing transactional lending and actually compounding it faster. That's a whole like another thing I can jump into when we're in a process. Yeah, I'll jump into that more like in a private sub two zoom. But I'll show you how that gets structured and like how to do that specifically. But that's what you should do with that money not paying off your lender month in and month out that's stupid and annoying for the lender. You're lender guess how long that lender is going to want to be your lender? Not long. I would. I'll do I'd be like you're you freaking kidding me you're annoying. Right on another zoom. I'll ask you how you which which account you put that in for profit first and your holdings or the other LLC. So remember profit bro profit first is for an account that's making money right it's a business. If I have a lending business over there right if I have a lending business it's just one account and I'm using that account as a lending business. Okay, and they take those distributions distributions and the profit from that and I throw that up to a holding account and that holding account has profit first. Right. Okay, I don't need to have profit first in every single account that's craziness. Got it. Okay. Make sense. It does. What else you got? I think that's it. I know I'm going to think of four things after but that's all you'll see me on Tuesday. It's come to me on Tuesday zoom. I might do another bonus on Monday because this coming week I'm speaking on the 10X stage and Miami. Boom boom boom which is cool. And I will not be available Friday Saturday Sunday which is when I typically do all my bonus zooms for the sub two students I won't be there but I'll just come to me on Tuesday. Go talk to is it a closing attorney? Yes, I'm in North Carolina Charlotte love it. Okay, so I do deals in North Carolina and I I we use a go to go to here's what I want you to I want you to chat Glover you're a newer student you probably don't know who chat Glover is. I do go to Chad Glover. And say what closing attorney are you using and how are you doing your notes and deeds of trust and how you do that stuff and make a friend inside of sub two that will save your life especially in North Carolina. Ted Miller like there's so many I can't even go I can't even tell you how many amazing people are on North Carolina sub two. Awesome. So go to Chad Glover Ted Miller and they'll help you out with that and but first and foremost on Monday morning. Ask your closing attorney. Hey, do you guys have a standard note indeed of trust that they'll go. What are you dumb? Yeah. Yeah, that's like asking us if we have a front door and a phone. How we guess how we make money of course we have a standard note and D to trust so you just haven't done that specifically so you assume it's a document that they're not doing they do it actively all the time and you've just done wholesale. So what happens is you're just seeing the transaction and the paperwork that's involved with wholesale but you don't realize that they're doing that's wholesale is like one percent of what that closing attorney does 99% of what he does is other stuff right. Private lenders they're dealing with hard money lenders private money lenders on probably 99% of their transactions. Got it. Yes, so helpful. Thank you so much. Go to your closing attorney. Ask questions come to me on Tuesday night and I'll help you structure the note. Love it. Thank you so much. Thank you for joining the mentorship, bro. So much value. It's ridiculous. It hurts it so good. I know. I think otherwise is an uncle. And by the way, that's one of my favorite words and I've been using that. I'm going to put it on a shirt. That's my favorite. Yep.