 So was that helpful guys getting Chad to this is why I do Q&A style so I can get people to get their questions answered. Okay. Now a couple of things. Let's go to let's go back to the personality type. Does anybody have a question specific to raising capital because I feel like a lot of times people raise their hand and they actually don't have a question. The raising capital. Here's what I'll do. I'm going to lower everybody's hands and anybody that has a specific question to raising capital, you can re-raise your hand. How about that? And if it's not, I'm going to mute you. Remember that. Okay. Jenny, what do you got? So I know you're probably going to mute me, but I have a situation going on in the deals falling apart like right now. No. Okay. This is what this is what this is where I get students that DM me and tell me I'm a piece of shit because I didn't stay on topic. Okay. I literally get people yelling at me because they're like, I skipped out on church. I took off work and you came in there and answered somebody question. Jenny. No, I have a hard time saying no. So now I want to help you. What's the situation? So the situation is I am helping some other students and the deal is literally falling apart right now and they're supposed to close March 31. It's in Birmingham, Alabama. Okay. And I don't know exactly like the perfect scenario for this. I tried to get a hold of this. Why is it falling apart? So I tried to get a hold of the seller to see what was really going on. He's coming back and saying that he has some loan shark. I need to talk to the lender about what are you guys under contract with the seller? Yes. Okay. Then the seller can't get out. The seller is legally obligated to finish that transaction. And unfortunately, sometimes you have to get an attorney involved and if I were you I'd get an attorney involved and I'm not. Right. Notice secure right and breach of remedies, but there's also a buyer involved. It was assigned. Now my issue is the assignment agreement says transfers and set over into assigning all of a signers write title and interest as purchase agreement between seller and buyer. And all terms and conditions shall be fully transferred to the end buyer, right? She signed the release between her and the seller. So I mean, is there even anything legally there anymore? What are you hoping to accomplish with that agreement? With which agreement to assign the contract? The one that you just brought up. To assign the contract. I know you've assigned the contract. So what you you're bringing it up to me for what purpose? Because there's an assignment. Are you trying to get the buyer to deal with the seller? Is that what you're trying to do? The buyer already dealt with the seller and signed a release. Signed a release the seller from the transaction? Yeah, which I didn't think you could do. You can't do that. No. I didn't think so. So then the other situation. So we are still direct to seller, correct? Yes, you are still direct to seller. The buyer cannot go around you and negate your contract. They can't negate an A to B contract. All you're doing is you're assigning your rights. Right. You're not assigning your rights to take over the ability to sign and negotiate on your behalf. If you have to go back and do that, you're still in the middle of the deal. Right. So I've been trying to get a hold of the seller, right? And he did actually cause another buyer is what's going on. The seller is going to move it up. Yes. So what you need to do is get a memorandum put on the property and you need to notice the seller with either a Liz pendants or a demand letter from an attorney. Okay. The seller is not going to move because why? Because they have a loan shark. They don't have a loan shark. What they have is that somebody offering more money, right? Which is the feeling I had. It's not a fact. It's a fact. I've never seen a seller act fishy for any other reason except they have another buyer. Right. Well, I've tried calling him several times and I wouldn't answer Jenny. Why would he not answer? Well, because he knows now he's got to have a confrontation with you. He's about something he's gone around your back. So you have legal. Right. Just called me back. Oh, he called you. Okay. What do you say? He just called me. I was on the Zoom. So I didn't call him back. Call him back. Right. And just just tell him we have legal rights over this property and I hate to be this person. But this is how I feed my children and my and my family. And if you are not moving forward with the transaction, I'm going to put a memorandum and stop whatever it is that you're doing with the other buyer. Right. I don't have another buyer. Okay. Okay. But the reality is, I'm sure you do. I'm putting a memorandum on the property on Monday. Right. And that's the feeling I got. I just, you're like the greatest of all time with creative and reading people and knowing all of this. So I thought it would be best to ask you. And that's why I'm like, can you answer right now? Yeah. Oh, it's not. So here's the challenging thing. Jenny, you've been in business with in other businesses outside of real estate. There's no such thing as a business that doesn't have like confrontational moments and challenging discussions. And this is just one of those times in real estate that these are the lessons that you get taught. Okay. The lessons you get taught are these. One, put a memorandum on a property. Use my contract to make sure you have the ability to put a memorandum on the property. And if you just use somebody's three page downloadable contract off YouTube, then you screwed up. Right. You don't have a legal right to put a memorandum on a property. This is why I write your guys' contracts inside the mentorship. And if let's say that you didn't use my contract, you use like Brent Daniels or somebody else's that doesn't have the ability and permission to write a memorandum, what you need to do is you need to now file a Liz pendants and get an attorney involved if there's enough money to be made on this deal. Okay. Is there enough money to be made on this deal? I do believe so. Like so ARV is between 110 and 115. Jenny, how much money were you guys going to make with your buyer that basically turned into a B. Almost 9,000. Okay. So for me, here's the thing is like, am I going to go file Liz pendants and sue the seller? You're not really going to sue a seller. Never actually sued a seller. I just warned them of the potential lawsuit. That gets their feet moving. That's going to cost you $1,100 to file Liz pendants. So are you willing to go and fight that battle? Or is this now just going to be a million dollar lesson for you that you should have filed a memorandum and you should have used the proper paperwork? No, it's a million. I mean, it's a lesson. I do understand that. So what I would do is I would, if I were you, I would not file Liz pendants and that's going to cost you $1,100. Right. What I would do is go and file memorandum whether you have the permission to do so or not. Right. Okay. You didn't do the paperwork, right? Which is why I'm aiming this right? I'm just guessing you didn't do it right. Right. Who's contracted you? You know what? I'm not even sure to be honest. There's the problem. If you use my contract, my one, my cash wholesale contract is worth 10 times the price of this mentorship. And if you didn't use that contract, you don't have the legal right to file a memorandum on this property, which means if you go file memorandum on the property, you're going to commit a mission. Hey, it is your contract. It is your contract. Then you have the permission. Okay. Yeah, because there's a lot more to be made on this deal than just the assignment fee, but right now it's just trying to do. Is it a substitute deal? Possibly could be if I can find out who the lender is to talk to them. It's not a, it's not a, it's a free and clear deal. And he, he claims that there's another lien, but title hasn't come back yet. So I don't know for certain. Okay, but your buyer was going to pay cash for it. Correct. Okay, great. So the thing is you had a buyer at one point. Do you think you're going to be able to find another buyer relatively quickly? Why'd your buyer bail out? Why'd your buyer release the seller? The seller started, yeah, started going sideways and wanted to back out of the deal and she didn't want to get between, you know, the buyer and doesn't sound like a good buyer to me. It sounds like a wholesaler that was trying to jave you the deal that didn't want to deal with it. Yeah, that's kind of what I said. Here's what I would do. I would reach out to medium wave Dave in the mentorship and see if he can help you find another buyer in Birmingham. Okay. And I bet you there's more than $9,000 on the bone. Right. And I think that what you do is you file a memorandum, you send a demand letter, you don't let that seller go and do a deal with anybody else. That memorandum will stay on the property forever. So you're protected. Okay. They can't go around you. You have legal permission in your contract that you can file memorandum. You file a copy of your memorandum or I'm sorry, you file a copy of your purchase contract and the memorandum with the county recorder's office, it stops their ability to sell the property or even refinance the property. It's without dealing with your memorandum and you sit and wait and tell somebody calls you. I probably get a call every quarter from a memorandum I filed a year ago, title company. Right. And you release your memorandum. No, tell the seller to call me. Just happens. It's probably one out of 20 or one out of 30 contracts you're going to get the seller will find get another offer after you leave their house. They're going to play these games. It's very typical. It's part of the business. It's the same thing with like, I have a buddy that owns an air conditioning company. Okay. And he goes, nox doors says, Hey, your air conditioning unit looks, looks 20 years old. We can see AC units on people's roofs here. So that's what they do. They knock doors ago. Your AC units original build is 20, 25 years old. Can we give you an estimate? They give them an estimate. They get them into like a sign contract and then they start ghosting them and they're like, Hey, we're coming to like install your AC unit and then like a day or two later, they'll go knock on the door and there's a brand new air conditioning unit on the house. Okay. And how that happened. It happened because they the AC unit or the AC company goes to knock on the door. They get the seller or I'm saying not the seller of the homeowner thinking, Oh, I do need a new AC unit. They take my buddies AC estimate and they start calling around to other AC companies and they go, Hey, I've got a company that've already like worked with they give me a price. Can you give me a better price? And so now what they do is the other AC company goes holy crap. I can sneak in there, beat this guy by 500 bucks and install a unit and now they're not going to force me to take my unit off the house. This happens in every single business. Right. So the other situation with the end buyer, right? I don't think that she is a full seller trying to get rid of it. She has a fixed and flicked flip business in Birmingham. Her husband is a, I am positive of that. And she does seven to 10 deals a month. She has Airbnb's. She's actually met a few sub two students. That's how she got involved in the deal as a speaker at an event on Airbnb's hotel. So why would she cancel and why would if she's a speaker and she's so legitimate in business, why would she go around your back? Yeah, I don't know. That's not a cash buyer. She's a marketer and a promoter. Okay. I've explained. Hey, by the way, Leo, a white people are, people are mad at me that I deviated to help you. Yeah. So sorry. Leo Aguayo knows her and brought her into the deal. I was trying to help. She is not a real cash buyer. Does she cash by sometimes? Jenny, I am a pretty big fixed inflipper. I do three to four fixed inflips a month and it's a lot. If a lady's doing seven deals a month, she's wholesaling five and doing two. And so what she looked at, she goes, oh, seller is being a pain in the butt. I'm not going to deal with this because I was going to wholesale this anyway. It was going to make me a lot of money, maybe five grand. So she goes, she goes around your guys is back and communicates to the seller and cancels a contract without communicating to does she sound like a legitimate business person? No. And that was the feeling I got. I just wanted to make sure that I was correct because I offered to help and it's literally falling apart right now. So. Okay. So here's how we stopped it from falling apart. I don't know. I'm going to give you a button on this. A cash buyer runs a legitimate business. They're never going to promote. They're not going to be on stage. They're not going to have a YouTube channel. They're not going to be on Instagram doing all that. That's not a cash buyer. That's somebody who sometimes does buy deals sometimes. That's called a wholesaler who every once in a while will buy a deal just to look legitimate. That's what she is. If she's a cash buyer, why is she on stage? Why is she doing all this stuff? She's a wholesaler trying to get people to send her deals. She's co wholesaling your deal. Okay. So what do I do tomorrow? File a member on the property and send a demand letter from an attorney by spending $250 in demand that the seller finished the transaction. In the meantime, reach out to a medium wave Dave and say, help me find a buyer. Okay. The deals, you can't sell it to another buyer. So you fix that problem. The buyer now is going to, or the seller is now going to get a demand letter and know that you mean business. And Jenny, you need to go through this. I know. That's my ass. You need to know what this feels like. So in the future, when you're messing around with these people that are like, quote, unquote, fix and flipers, that are do, by the way, Jenny, if somebody's doing seven, deals a month, do you know how many houses they have under construction? 21. Do you think this lady has 21? Because you know what it takes to run a fixed and flip business with during seven deals a month? You've got houses that are in escrow. You've got houses that are in renovation and you've got houses that are for sale. Her pipeline of seven deals a month is probably close to 50 houses in undercut, like in her, she owns 50 houses. I would be, I would guarantee my left pinky. She doesn't currently own seven houses across the board. OK. Why would she be so illegitimate that she would go around your back and cancel a contract that you brought to her without communicating with anybody on your team? Yeah, that's what I was trying to understand. I just want to make sure I understood it correctly. And I know that it is something that I need to go through. That's why I reached out and said I need to ask right now. Yes. So I appreciate it. Sorry, everyone. No, it's good. It sucks when you're going through all that kind of stuff. It does. Thank you, pace. No problem. Go through the fire. You have to go through the fire. Every morning, I wake up in the morning and I go, what fire am I going to walk through today? Because it's the only way I'm going to learn anything. Yes. And this is good for everybody else to learn because there's probably a lot of f**k's in here that have not ever taken action on anything in their freaking lives. And here you are actually going through something and just realizing this is daily information that you have to go through as a real estate investor. Right. Right? Look at you. Yep. Was there a journey? Was there a point where you were just watching YouTube and just consuming content? Oh, yeah. Okay. So can we just all agree that we're proud of Jenny for going through this experience and that she's going through some f**k stuff right now? But that's the only way you can learn. Right. Thank you. How do you? Thank you. Well, go get it done. Well done. Well done.