 Hello, can you hear me? What's up? Hey, Pays. Thank you so, so much for all these valuable listen that you're putting out for everyone. Of course. This is just amazing. I love you to death. I love our group to death. Thank you. Okay, I'm going back to my question. I did a private money lending to someone about four years ago. And we bought a note, which we, it was a non-performing note. And in Chicago. So anyway, can I be clear on this? Yes. You loaned money to somebody else so they could go by a non-performing note? Yes, it no. It was supposedly be a training or a learning experience that I put up the money. And he knows how to do the notes and all that stuff and keep me. Make me teach me how to do it. So what it was, he basically didn't pay me that money. I was just going to say, let me guess you didn't get your money back. No, I didn't. Now he is ghosting me on it. Of course, he is. Because you probably didn't go through a title company. You probably send it to him directly. No, we did. No, no, no, no. We actually bought a note on a property. Okay. I was in a group that we're, they're lenders and they own notes of properties on non-performing and performing. Anyway, so we bought this. Can I ask you a question before you go into this because this I want to be very clear. Right. Okay, we'll be very clear to people that are listening to you because all they're listening because a lot of people don't even know what a non-performing note is. Right, right. Okay. Personally, I would never in my life. There's other people in here that they like that strategy. Personally, I would never, ever invest in a non-performing note. Well, I mean, that was my first step and the last time. I understand that. But I just want to see there's people on the side, you're saying I was just going to ask that. Guys, listen to what a non-performing note is. Okay. It means that whoever is the homeowner on the property is not paying their lender. And so what you're doing is you're going in there and saying, hey, lender, who's not being paid. Because I want to step into those shoes that smell like shit. Let me step into your shoes and stand where you're standing where you're not receiving a payment from the person living in the house. That's what a non-performing note is. It's legitimately. I'm very sorry for people that think that strategy is great. And it can be great, but you need to have a black belt degree in real estate in order to mess with that. That's literally what you're doing. You're finding lenders that are like, I'm sick of the person that's living in this property because they're not paying me my payment. I'm the lender. I sell or financed to them. And they're not making their payment to me. So they owe me a hundred grand. And I'm willing to sell this for 50 cents on the dollar. I will sell my position, my 100,000 dollars that's owed to me. I will sell this note to somebody else for 50 cents on the dollar at 50 grand. To me, the lender doesn't even want it. And they're willing to sell it at that grade of a discount. No wonder it's in a non-performing note. The person that's living in the property. So does that strategy work? Absolutely. It can work. Don't lend money on non-performing notes, guys. The people that are going out and doing non-performing notes should just fund them themselves. You're walking into a deal that the details of the deal are literally that the person residing and like living in the property are not paying their payment. Is that a great place to lend money? Well, just to be sure in this. It was. I this is not for you. This is for everybody else in the chat to understand this. And we'll get into your question. Okay. Hey guys, I got this Honda Civic. It's worth $10,000. But I'll sell it to you for $5,000. I think there's something wrong with that car maybe. So you buy it. You jump in it. You transfer it over. You go. You go to turn it on. You go, what the hell's wrong? Click, click, click, click. Doesn't turn on. You go to open up the hood. There's no engine. But yeah, I got it. I got a 50 cents on the dollar. And somebody's going to say, well, yeah, but you can go buy an engine for like, you know, $3,000. Get it installed. And now you got a Honda Civic for $8,000 and some change. And who has time for that? Just go buy a good deal. If you are brand new, stay away from non-performing notes. Anybody that disagrees with me, there's an alley in the back of my house. I'll fight you. I agree. Stay away from non-performing notes, unless you're a black belt in real estate. Now, if you, if there's somebody that is experienced with non-performing notes, I know a handful of people that I would trust. I would say it's a big stage. Nick Legamaro, aerkouple of other people. Very few people would I trust with non-performing notes. Okay. So when I'm talking about investing money, I want to be very specific with you guys before I go into this question. Stay away from those. Don't raise money for them and don't lend money on them. Okay, go ahead. I'm sorry. Did you meet yourself? Are you there? You did yourself, didn't you? Yes, you did. Okay, sorry. Yes, I did. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, this was. I mean, we made money out of it. We took, took over and we made money out of it. But he were, he wanted to put the money in some movies and stuff like that. So with, I didn't give him permission to, to do it. I was getting my, I was waiting for him to give me my money. So. Did you say he wants to put the money into move? He did that. He did that with a lot of people. But I didn't give him permission to do that with my money. Did you make him in a back alley right after I beat his. No, actually, I met him in Riyah. He was a pretty famous noteholder. And I'm sorry. Yes, I know. But it was four years ago. And I was new. And here's the rules. Here's a rule. Never invest in anything that doesn't have real estate attached to it. Ever. Yes, that is true. Ever. That is why I told you guys, rule number one, a private money lending. Don't take money to your personal name, put in a title company. Make sure it's secured against an actual real estate transaction every single time. Because guess what? His movie didn't work out. You're going to lose your money. He's ghosting you for obvious reasons. Yes. I mean, we have all of that with the property was entitled. But lawyers involved to resold the property. We made money. But he didn't give me my money. And took it and invested. Now he's ghosting me. You can't. Here's the thing. You gave him permission to do that. Yes, I did. You know, I didn't give him. You gave permission because whatever the paperwork that was required. Previous payment. He took the money and put into something else. He rolled it into another deal. You gave him permission to do that. And in the paperwork. Then note that I have from him is only for that property. So we closed that deal. Made money. Yeah. And. But he didn't give me my money when it was time to give it to me. And he just took it and invested in that money because he was like. Drowning. So. So he's running a Ponzi scheme. He's trying to move. Right. And I'm not the only one. There's other people involved on it too. Okay. But. What's your question besides making me want to ship my pants? Okay. Should I just kiss that money and say explain gone? Okay. Got it. How are you ever going to get that money back? I mean, I contact him and last year in November. He emailed me that oh, I'm really serious. But I'm going to going through heart issue. I have a pacemaker blah, blah, blah. But that committed. Yeah, that's what I exactly I told them I said same thing we have also everybody has where they're smoke There's fire the guys Money he played him he played he's do you guys know what a con man is? You know what con man and con man means? Confidence He gained your confidence on a real estate transaction. You made a little bit of money probably not much Right Well, it was it was like I Double More than doubled my money how how much time on that and about I would say nine months And what was your investment? 15,000 okay cool. So he doubled your money. Wow. That's that's dope you double This guy doubled your money gave you a hundred and something percent return in nine months and then And then took off and then what you do with your what you do with your 15 grand that you made Did you go buy groceries with it? Did you use it for your own goods or did that guy never actually give it to you Just roll into never no So you actually never made money? No In all paper and everything I do and I worked that deal We made money like we bought I paid 15,000 we Cash for key the guy out of the house and we put it back in the market just the way it is and with the trash Okay, so let me let me give you some good advice because I've been I'm giving you a hard time, but let me give you some advice What I would do is I would contact the securities attorney Okay, and I would get I would contact three or four other people that are involved and I would say hey guys Let's get a securities attorney attorney involved and talk about how this is securities fraud Sky should go to prison Pay us back Okay, I know that he lost everything that he had okay, doesn't matter so okay Doesn't matter. Does he have a personal house? Does he have a car? Does he have not anymore? Not anymore. He lost it all He's telling you're listening to a con man who told you this No, I actually like see his house was foreclosed. He sold everything like all the Venue things that he had Okay, well then you know what happened as he here here's what happened You are one of the little fish that he burned He burned some big fish. Yes, he did and those big fish have money and attorneys and they came and took everything from him And you're one of the guppies that didn't get any of the lift leftovers Yeah, because I know one of them and I tried to reach out to him because I know that I heard that he was suing him and That he didn't respond to me to be part of your mom. He's gone Yeah, okay If his house is gone his assets are gone. He's got a pacemaker your money's gone Okay, sorry This is this is good for everybody else. It's horrible for you and I'm sorry to hear this is horrible I've lost money as well 39 months ago somebody owed me a million dollars and filed bankruptcy Right And I got screwed. I've been there. I know exactly how bad that was the day my daughter was born I got the bankruptcy letter the day I gained a billion dollar little child. I lost a million dollars in cash I guess is the name of the game you just how you have some gains and so you'll have some losses here and there but when you're lending money Mm-hmm That money should have come right back to you. You should have never you gave him permission in some document You you can't just take money from a real estate transaction and then roll it into another deal That's not how it never legally can ever happen that way physically impossible For him to have taken that money from you from a real estate transaction. You gave him permission. I didn't I didn't I will guarantee my right arm. There's a document somewhere that you signed without knowing it Now you give him permission to take that prop that money. No I gave was just in that deed of trust that we filed it through my self-directed IRA okay, so how did how did they get rid of that lean that you have on that property How did they get rid of that security that you had against that property? How did he get rid of that legally? Oh and what did he did need of trust? Um, I Don't know. I mean I still have a still is in IRA and I talked to my IRA and they said well you have to write a letter that this Didn't perform and you lost money No, no, no You there's something that he did That he had you signed that released that money to him. There is absolutely something. It's physically impossible That's where I'm I did not sign anything outside of that transaction Like nothing the only paper between me and him that I signed it was that need of trust Okay, and that was I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you you're wrong about something I Don't know what it is But either a you signed something in the first deed of trust that says that he could dictate what ever happened that money when it sold or you signed something when the house sold That he could have controlled that money you signed something that gave him permission And if you didn't Then why are you talking to me? Why are you talking to the title company or the closing attorney that handled the transaction? I didn't think my time aren't they the ones that do the paperwork and uh Yes, guys. This is also why this is also why I always purchase a lender policy and insurance policy for my lender Every single time I pay for that out of my pocket anytime somebody's lent loan money to me I not only buy a title policy to protect the transaction, but I buy a lender policy to protect the lender So who what title company did you go through what closing attorney did you go through? I've got all that information and With them tomorrow immediately and say how did this happen? Okay. How was this even possible? How did this guy get to sell this note and take my 30,000 dollars and roll it into some movie Right, okay Guys, this is a great situation. I feel really really bad that this happened to her, but Are we now one thousand percent? Like sure why we only go through title companies? We did go to the title company, but yeah, I don't know If you went through a title company Then just go what's the name of the title company? It's in Chicago Actually, so here's what I want you to do I want you to call the Chicago company and say how did this guy get control of my assets after selling this house? It's physically I'm telling you God himself couldn't come down there and say let me have that money the title company would say I don't care God It's physically impossible for you to do this even with your magic wand you can't do anything There's no physical way that this guy could take your money and take the ownership of this asset and basically roll it into another deal without your permission Or him forging a document with your name on it Which I think that's probably what happened well then we could figure out then that's the thing yeah Yeah, I'm gonna contact I hear there's no way he can forge the document either you know why Because every time listen to this. This is how I know that there's no way you didn't give this guy permission Not I'm not saying knowingly, but somewhere somehow you gave him permission When I receive money from a lender it goes to a title company and the title company sends out a mobile notary that verifies their identity and sits there and watches them sign everything Okay Then when I send money back to that lender The title company requires that I verify the identity of the person receiving it with a physical mobile notary I the transaction not be completed. It's physically impossible for the transaction to be completed without those steps happening That's true So this guy congew and he committed a securities violation And this is probably why he's lose he's lost everything Right, but even then hold on even then how did he get your money released from the title company when he sold that no Hmm he didn't go through a title. Okay, you want here's no you went hold listen to me. Okay, because I'm right You are wrong. I am sorry, but I am 1000% right there's nothing you can say to prove otherwise Okay Somewhere I gave him permission You use the title company when you purchase the note But when you sold the note Did the title company reach out to you and say where can we send them the funds? No Okay Then you didn't use the title company Is this Chicago land agency That I have to call I have their email and they have you know all my cool That's good to know you stole your money and Something in your documents that you did not read States that he could do that Okay, he couldn't have done it with a deed of a deed in lieu. He couldn't have done it with a deed in lieu Because he doesn't have your he doesn't have your signature He doesn't have your the if you were the person that was secured against the property your company Your IRA was secured with a recorded recorded deed In your name They would have had to physically come to you and go hey, we're selling this we need you to pay we need a payoff statement Of where the money needs to be sent Actually the Deed of trust Was Loaning just the money I don't think that Yeah Here's what I want you to do Yeah, bring this title company into the Tuesday zoom with me come I'll do the zoom earlier on Tuesday bring them in here. Let's figure out what happened Okay All right, I'll I'll do that okay Okay, get get them on the get them on the call bring them into our Tuesday zoom and I want to go through this with them Okay, and I'll give you a course of action, but the somebody Somebody committed fraud here is either the guy or the title company Okay, and do you have a title policy Um on that property The property. Okay, I mean we're sold long Bring it to Tuesday's zoom. Okay. Okay. All right. I'll do that. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you So guys do we do we um Have to continually tell you guys and never lend money to people that Is not through a title company and make sure that everything is secured Or is that like so solid in your guys's name or in your mind All right