 All right guys, I've got two other types of lenders I want to quickly go through with you. A couple other things. Let's see here. Let's pull this up. All right, cool, cool. I want to make sure it's already still up there. All right, so we've got, we already know what the shark is up about up to, right? Here's another type of lender right here. Transactional. Okay, this is a transactional lender right here. Okay, so they want chunks of money. Okay, what's cool about this is that you can be this person very quickly. A lot of people that use this method are using doing the Morby method. Sometimes you just need to do a double close on a wholesale transaction, right? You're very in and out, right? So why I use this as a gator, it doesn't mean anything negative. It just means that gators don't have to live in the water. They're in and they're out. And so a gator can jump into a transaction and out of a transaction literally in an hour. Transactional lenders are only funding on a single transaction very quickly. And what they do is sometimes you use their money for an hour. Sometimes you use their money for 30 days. But most of the time you're using their money for less than seven days. Okay, so the gator, I'm a gator. I will do transactional lending. The way I got my first setup of transactional lending is I went out and got a line of credit. Like it's kind of cool that you guys can go out and get a line of credit and then just be a transactional lender, right? Like one of my lenders, I found her actually is a very interesting story. Her name is, let me pull her up, I might even call her. She's such a sweetheart. We pay her. Her structure is very interesting. Her name is Rita Hanson. Okay, and I used to call her a gap lender, but she's really just a transactional lender. Okay, let's see. Last time I got an email from her was January. Okay, here we go. Rita Hanson. Okay, so Rita is amazing because here's how she, here's what she does for me. Okay, so Rita will lend to me short term, right? And I do the same thing for a lot of people as well. But let's say that I have a line of credit. If you guys want to learn how to get a line of credit, let me know. I'll show you guys how to get a line of credit. You don't even have to have really that great a credit to get a line of credit. I could show you how to do it. But let's say that I have, actually, I know exactly how much Rita has. Rita has $65,000 to her name. So what she does is if I need a quick 20 grand or a 30 grand or 15 grand or whatever, she will do, she will send her money, let's say $15,000 of that to title. Title will receive that money. We create a note and a deed of trust. We give her all the protection. And we usually will use her money sometimes 30 to 60 days at most. Usually we'll use her money just temporarily like a couple of hours. And what we do is we'll pay her a chunk of money. It's not an interest rate. It's $2,500 on every transaction that she lends money on. And the average transaction of about 30 days with I'd say 20 grand. So let's do that math. If she makes 20k, that's actually like really crazy return. If she makes 20k on, she makes $2,500 in 30 days on $20,000, that means she will get a 100. That's a lot. That's over 100% return in that one month. On an annualized return, she'll get over 100% return because she's only lending for 30 days. So think about that. If she did that to me every month for a whole year, she would have made 30 grand. So $2,500 times 12. So she loans $20,000. We give it back to her a month later. She gets $2,500. So we send her $22,500. So $2,500 times 12. That's 30 grand. Her percentage, let's see, divided by 25,000. That's 120% return. So a gator, a transactional lender can receive a much higher rate of return because people only need their money for a short period of time. They're in, they're out. They're in, they're out. Because people don't want to because people, sorry, I'm getting, it's now at the time of the day where everybody else and their mama is waking up and so people are texting me. I apologize. So a transactional lender, these are transactional lenders. They're amazing. And I have a couple of transactional lenders. Credit is important too. Let's see. Let's see. Okay. Does anybody want to learn how to become a transactional lender? I'll do like a one hour zoom for you guys. And I don't have time for it. Unfortunately, so I'll do like a one hour zoom. Let's see. Look, look, I got to look at my A&E calendar, real quick to see where I have time. And look at my calendar for the week. Hold on a second, guys. Okay. All right, my schedule. Okay. Okay. Here's what I'll do. I'll show you my, I'll show you guys my A&E schedule. How about that? Here's my A&E schedule. Okay. So I'm off Friday because I have my mastermind on Friday. Jamil is speaking at my mastermind. So he's off on Friday. I am filming tomorrow. Ooh, Tuesday. Should I do it Monday night or Tuesday morning? Probably Monday night after wholesale hotline. You guys want to do after, after wholesale hotline, that it'll be late for a lot of people. It'll be one hour long. If you guys, if we do, I'll do a one hour zoom for free. Just showing you guys how to become a transactional lender. You guys open to that? Okay. See, wholesale hotline gets over at 6.30. So I would do, I do a, I do a zoom for one hour from 6.30 to 7.30. And I'll show you guys a little bit more about transactional lending. I only have 25 more minutes and I gotta go. Otherwise, I do here. Let me set up the zoom. Again, you guys can see how gators get chunks of money rather than interest rate. They'll get chunks of money. I am a gator. I will do transactional lending. I do it from a line of credit usually or a lot of times I kind of broke down how I do it with Chad. A little bit ago if you guys listen to that. You can be this person quickly. More be method is where you usually get these people. You'll use these people. Or if you're doing a double close, a lot of times you'll do a wholesale transaction and you don't want your buyer or your seller to know how much money you're making. And so you'll need a transactional lender. This people use this.