 This is the last personality type I'm going to tell you. A camel is a water animal. How is a camel a water animal? It's because the camel carries the water in its hump, which means it can wait for its return over a long period of time. It can absorb and drink the water over a long period of time. It doesn't mean that they need to receive their money every single month. These people, these lenders, are typically doing multi-family deals or large funds, and they can receive anywhere between a 10 to 25% IRR. IRR stands for internal rate of return. That means my money has grown essentially 25% while my money has been tied up with you. Usually they're getting equity in the deal, and they're getting a preferred return, which means that any of the cash flow that comes in actually goes to the investor first before it goes to the person who put the deal together. They're usually in deals for five to 12 years. They get equity, which is where they get a bunch of value. But here's one of the biggest things and why people become camels. This is where people, like my multi-family investors, the people invest in my multi-family deals, they are looking for this little tasty treat right here. They want depreciation. If you're a lender on these other deals, right, let's say you're a gator, you're not getting depreciation. A shark, sometimes you'll get depreciation, a swimmer, a dolphin, and a whale never get depreciation. They're just getting interest. But with the camel, what you're getting is you actually get larger to returns over a longer period of time. You're basically placing your money. It's sitting there for a longer period of time. You don't have to find the deal. You don't have to manage the deal. You don't have to sell the deal. You're just involved in a bigger chunk of money. This is syndications or people raising money through a fund. I actually took a screenshot of this yesterday. You guys will see this all the time. Let me pull this up. This is really, really cool. You'll see this on people's Instagram all the time. You'll see it on like bigger pockets, brand interners, bigger pocket stuff. You'll see people constantly advertising for this. This is really good. You guys will see you can advertise for these types of lenders if you have an actual fund. A fund requires a securities attorney. It requires a PPM. So check this out. You can see this guy sponsored this right right here. He sponsored this post on Instagram. I took this post. I actually screen shoted this yesterday afternoon. It was like, oh, that's kind of funny because this is going to be like really pertinent for tomorrow. This person is saying, hey, we're going to give you a 20 to 25% targeted IRR. So they're not talking about like an interest rate. But you see they're talking about preferred returns, equity ownership and bonus depreciation. Just what I told you. Invest in self storage facilities, opportunity for accredited investors. Okay. So you'll find a lot of investors that are like, yo, I'm accredited. It means I have a certain net worth. Okay. But these people, there's a lot. I have my own fund. Okay. I have my own fund. We're doing multifamily with and see. Yeah. There you go. Kyle says I see these all of the time on Instagram and Facebook. Accredited investor means you have a million dollars net worth or you make over 200. I think it's 250 now, $250,000 per year. Some of these deals will give you monthly income and some of them will give you monthly income and a chunk at the end. Okay. Oh, there it is. Tom says $300,000 married. Awesome. What about getting a line of credit? So gems, the line of credit, we're doing that tomorrow. I feel like gems is somebody paid gems to tease me today. Gems who paid you to tease me? Gems, how did you miss that? Oh, she's going back. Okay. Well, she's going back and forth with her kids. So guys, right there, I'm going to teach you guys about gator lending tomorrow in a longer specific zoom. Okay. Equity wise. What are returns? Ed Stifle. Let me chat with you for just a second on that. Just so I can understand the question a little bit more. Ed, what was your question? I'm sorry. What's up, brother? How you doing? What up? So as far as investors putting in or they get a certain equity stake as far as 50,000, or whatever, whatever. Yeah, yeah. So like for like a brand new operator that doesn't have a lot of deals under their belt, they're typically giving 80% of their equity away to investors. Okay. But as the operator, the person who finds the deal manages the deal, all that kind of stuff gets more and more pronounced, you get closer to like a 50, 50 split because you have a trusted known operator that actually at the end of the day, that 50, 50 split makes you more money than an 80, 20 split with somebody who's not as seasoned. Does that make sense? So if you go with like a, you go with a brand new operator, they'll, they're usually going to give 80% away. So let's look at like a 20 million dollar deal. Okay. So if I'm going to do a 20 million dollar acquisition, I'm going to buy, let's say, a bunch of apartments. Okay. Like, let's say it's 400 unit apartment building in Texas, right? And it's essentially, let's say it's 40 million dollars. Okay. To purchase that. That means each one of these units is $100,000 each, right? Well, what they do is they go, well, you know, we're going to get a loan for 80% of this from a, like, there's a lot of lenders like Marcus Milachap. It's a really big lender that will lend on these types of deals. Their minimum loan amount is a million dollars. So they're going to bring 80% of that to the deal, right? So 80% of that would be, yep. So they're only raising 8 million. They're not going to raise 40 million. Okay. So whoever are the 8 million dollars that they raise, what happens is the 8 million dollars that say it's 100 different people. That means that these 100 different people are splitting up 50% ownership of that 400 unit complex. Does that make sense? Yep. Cool. So these people are typically, you know, credit investors, they want larger chunks, they don't really care. But the main thing that I see people really care about is depreciation. Like, I want to be an owner, but I also want to get tax incentives by being an owner. And you can't really get those tax incentives by being a lender. In fact, being a lender is the opposite. Like you're going to receive income as that lender on a simple interest transaction, like a fixed and flip or whatever else. And that's taxable income. And you have no tax benefits to doing that, right? And when you're going and you're a camel and you're like, look, I'm okay waiting for my large chunks of money. I just want to be involved in cool projects with cool people. Those camels actually get a portion of the equity. And when they get a portion of the equity, they get the pro rat, a portion of depreciation as well. And so it's why a lot of my lenders who like will start it out as swimmers, you know, like I've got Paul F. And Lason, I just paid her back like $126,000 the other day. I paid Paula back and I paid a couple of other people back. And they're all like, hey, I want to be involved in your multifamily stuff because I want to be a part equity owner and I want to get depreciation. And I want to get, you know, the appreciation because that's the other thing you get as well on a multifamily fund. When the value of the property goes up, guess what happens? When the, when the loan gets paid down, guess what happens? You're 50% equity in that whole entire deal across the board. Any benefit that comes from that property, you get your pro rat a share of that benefit, appreciation, loan pay down, depreciation, cash flow, exit price, right? All of those types of things, you get a portion of every single one of those. Whereas with simple interest, all you get is an interest payment. Now why would somebody, you know, with all those benefits of multifamily, why would somebody stay on simple interest? Well, because they don't have to wait as long for the return and they have a guarantee, no matter what the project makes money or not, it doesn't matter. There's projects that I have broken even on on fixed and flips. Guess what? My lender got paid every single time. So in a multifamily fund, let's say the, how the thing burns down, the insurance company doesn't want to cover it. Oh, what up Eric? How you doing? Let's say that the, um, am I still live on Instagram? I'm, oh, I am okay. Can you hear me? Oh, and I'm sitting there yelling the whole time. Okay. So let's say that, let's say that I am sitting there and I'm in a multifamily fund and the thing burns down and the insurance company doesn't want to cover the multifamily fund. Guess what happens? I lost my money, right? If I'm in a simple interest deal with a fixed in flipper and he loses money, it doesn't matter. I received my payments along the way I couldn't care any less if he lost money. Right. So it just depends on who you want to be and at the end of the day, what kind of lender you want to be or whatever. Now, the challenge is most people look at private money lenders as you're all one people person. The reason why I broke it down into personality types and these like really cool figures is because you actually can see that when you're going to run into a private money lender, you want to decipher which category they're going to ultimately be in so that you can move them or sway them one way or the other. Okay. So that's the expectation as well. Yeah. And actually, if you go, if you guys go in all sub two students, if you go into the sub two vault, I have like five or seven something like that recorded zooms with private money lenders. So when they came into the zoom, my first, my first thing was let me tell you about the categories of lenders. And I describe the categories of lenders to those potential private money lenders and they go, what category do you feel like you fit in? That's literally how I raise money. I just show them the categories of where, you know, where people typically put their money, what the return is, whether plus is minuses and they go, oh my gosh, this is so simple. I want to be a swimmer or I want to be a dolphin or I want to be a shark. Now I've never actually used these terms before until today. I made this all up this morning, but the terms I use are bucket one, bucket two, bucket three, bucket four. And that's not as cool. I actually like the swimmer. I like the dolphin. I like the gator. I like the camel, all that kind of stuff. I just made that all up today, but they always pick one every single time. You give them an option to go, yeah, I'm a swimmer. I just want to learn. I want to see what you're doing and how you're raising capital. And then I want to do deals with you. And then I'll move on on my own type of thing, you know what I'm saying? So there are people. What's that? This is kind of where I'm at right now where I can fund a couple of my own deals, fit some flips and rentals and whatnot, but getting to that next level, it's a gone, you know, more opportunities come across and you can fund. So you need to have that link right directly to private money. Yeah, and there's a, there's a really interesting saying that Tim Bratz just told me Tim Bratz is an operator, right? So Tim Bratz says a seller is a buyer is a lender. And it's so true. Like everybody I run into is not only a buyer, they're a seller, they're also a lender. Like everybody I reach out to and talk to has money or has access to deals or is looking for a deal. And so we're always just kind of navigating and hanging out and essentially just trading Pokemon cards all day long. Like, oh, I don't, I don't need this card right now here. You use it because it's better used to you, right? And that's why your network is your net worth. Like people don't understand. Like people think that your network is your net worth is all mindset. It is a big part of mindset, but it's also what my resources are, are also your resources. Right? Like, if Jamil calls me and says I have the need for X, Y and Z, do you think Jamil can just tap into my rolodex anytime he wants? The answer is yes. So your net worth is like my network is also Jamil's network. And so we expand and compound and compound. So Ed, like as you go and even though you're funding a lot of your own deals, which do you know how many of my deals I fund on my own? Probably zero at this point. Zero. Zero. Because Ed, do you think that it's smart for me? If I can, if I can put somebody into a fixed infillip and pay them 10 or 12 percent and then I put my money into something else that makes me 20 or 40 percent, do you think it would be smart and responsible for me to put my money into my own deals? Of course not. And that's where I'm at. I'm kind of cherry-ficking the big deals that I put my money into. Right. Make big returns. And now it's like, I have people all the time saying, hey, I have 10, 20 grand. I want to start getting real support, can I do? And for me, it's kind of like, well, I think you need to raise a little more so you can really get into it. But now it's not a risk. And you know, 10 or 20 grand can go a long way if you're using it for, or just money or fixed for your furniture, the furniture, the furniture, the TV stuff and like that. So where would you say to those people that say, hey, I have 10,000, I have 20,000, I really want to do real estate investing. You know, they see what I'm doing as far as 60 points. What I would do, let's say you have people that have like really small amounts of money, 10,000, 15,000, whatever, what I would do is I would go create an LLC and you guys all become partners, okay? Your partner is in an LLC and then you guys own a business and that business's job is to lend money to one of your projects. Does that make sense? Of course. How would you give that up essentially? Pro-radda. So whatever they put in, they put it is their pro-radda share. Same way you do with most families. Yep. Yeah, we're done. This is four hours, bro. I just did four hours on a Sunday morning for you guys. Oh, you know what? Here's what I'll do. I'll do the $10,000 on Monday night. That's what I'll do. Sorry, it's 11. I should have done that earlier. I'll do the $10,000 on Monday night. That's what I'm going to do. Sorry, guys. I'm out. Hopefully this was valuable. You guys had a good day and I'll see you later.